It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75%
mortality, and there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency, because it has to be.
Jonathan, who's gonna talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease you purify a virus by making a lot of I mean just by purifying it so you get a pure virus I don't understand what the issue they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different no it depends on how they used it can you explain the process of HIV isolation
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It's literally turning into a worst-case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with, essentially, a worst-case scenario.
He is the life of parties he has never attended.
If opportunity knocks and he's not home, opportunity waits.
When in Rome, they do as he does.
He is the most interesting man in the world.
I don't always ruin things, but when I do, I prefer the great reset.
Stay awake, my friends.
The Matrix is a system, Neo.
That system is our enemy.
But when you're inside, you look around, what do you see?
Businessmen, teachers, lawyers, carpenters, the very minds of the people we are trying to save.
But until we do, these people are still a part of that system, and that makes them our enemy.
You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged.
And many of them are so inert, so hopelessly dependent on the system, that they will fight to protect it.
Were you listening to me, Neo?
Or were you looking at the woman in the red dress?
I was... Look again.
Freeze it.
This... This isn't the Matrix.
No.
It's another training program designed to teach you one thing.
If you are not one of us, you are one of them.
It's a real commercial with really Robert Malone.
It's not AI.
It's a commercial that was made by Mickey Willis for the movie Pandemic 3 or Plandemic 3.
It is a real commercial that Robert Malone really sat in and cameras were really used to make.
Do not see it any other way.
It's real.
you
I don't know.
The.
That was fantastic.
Did you hear that little tempo change at the beginning there?
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
It's Friday.
Thank goodness.
Oh my gosh.
I definitely need to take my scheduled Saturday off tomorrow.
Not whining, just saying, I think this week has been a lot of work.
I think we've earned a day off.
Sunday, we're going to come back strong with a introductory biology lesson for everybody as a leaping off point for the coursework we're going to try and do.
And so Sunday afternoon biology will be very fun, an exciting way to start the second half of the summer.
And so today I'm just going to clean up a little bit with one more of these, trying to get people across the finish line of understanding how these people have taken what has been perceived to be true and misconstrued it with what is true and vice versa.
And that's why our consciousness remains prime real estate.
I'm afraid the bad news is we got to get off social media.
Because as long as we stay on social media, we're never going to usefully spread the word about the fact that there's no epidemiological evidence of a gain-of-function pandemic.
If we don't get off social media, we're never going to have any useful discussions about what infectious clones as a term mean to virology, especially RNA virology.
We're never going to get to the stage where we're talking about how easily, I mean easily, placebo batches could have been used and could even be used in the current vaccine schedule in order to make sure that nobody becomes aware of the scam.
I mean, aren't placebos also much easier and cheaper to sell and make?
I think there's just a lot of things we haven't thought about.
And, wow, is that a weird sentence?
I think there are a lot of things we have not thought about.
Transfection in healthy mammals is something that we haven't really thought about before the pandemic as anything other than, you know, something appropriate for a lab in an animal you're going to sacrifice, but not in a healthy child or a grandmother that you want to be around for five more Christmases.
Um, not for a grandmother that you want to be at everybody's graduation.
And yet here we are where not only that, but the protocols were murdered.
Gain of function is a mythology.
They want us to teach our kids.
They've scared our grandparents into teaching us.
And, uh, that scooby-doo about the laboratory leak, that's the real deal.
That's the, that's the military exercise that Robert Malone and his minions were designed to make sure that we stayed right in the rails, right on the rails.
And the way to understand it from a 30,000-foot perspective is to see that weaponized piles of money, big private piles of money, big corporate piles of money, and probably a lot of others that we are not aware of, like even military piles of money, have been used to convince us to argue about the origins of the novel virus, that we were living through something that needed solving, a mystery, if you will.
And participating in that argument accepted the premise.
And that premise is now a story that we're teaching our kids, still arguing about it.
And this is going to permanently enslave our grandkids if we don't watch out.
University endowments, indeed.
It's amazing where we are at this stage.
Twitter has basically stopped being a useful place anymore because the narrative is way off the rails.
The clock has run out, or the clock has not run out rather, but the narrative has kind of run out of tricks.
And I don't know what they're going to do once the weaponized piles of money become useless or transition into this new system.
I think there's going to be a lot of checking out that's going to be necessary in order for this to get pulled off and whatever they're planning on doing.
I just don't, I don't understand anymore.
I don't think they can make it.
I don't think it can happen because too many people can see and many, many, many more are about to see when they are shown.
That's what I think.
If you guys stay vigilant and keep sharing this work, I think
I think we can actually get across the finish line this summer with a lot of people because they've been telling this story about what they're going to do and when they're going to do it in 10 years from now.
As soon as it becomes a little cheaper, as soon as the computers are a little more inexpensive or a little faster, this is all one continuous mythology that started way back when.
You saw the face there, you see the face there.
It started way back when, 40 years ago or more.
That's why Tony Fauci was hired and never fired.
Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.
So why fire him?
Why would you fire a guy who's so good at his job?
Why would you fire him when he's got so many people that have trained with him?
So many people that trained under the illusion of HIV and what it was and how it's isolated and how it's found and how to test for it and what PCRs work for it.
Don't you understand how many of these people have gone through the temple of HIV?
We looked at, we saw it on the beginning of Jessica Rose's CV yesterday.
That's extraordinary.
And so the charlatan list is the only list we need to make.
There's an illusion being pulled on us, ladies and gentlemen, an illusion that is sustained throughout history because of a certain moment in our history and how they've forever after that basically been in control of the narrative.
That's the
The wave of consensus that we're now being subject to on social media, though, is something like it's never been seen before.
There is no precedence for this in history.
The ability to control the narrative, or even worse, produce the narrative, which is what this artificial wave going away from the shallow water represents as this kid learns to safely surf.
We need to teach our kids to safely surf this illusion of consensus on the internet or get them off.
And I would prefer to get them off, but I don't know how... I don't know how... I don't know how...
how realistic that is.
I think we gotta get them to exercise their informed consent and choose to get off by staying focused on the biology and teaching it to them, by staying focused on not taking the bait on social media, the kind of stories and hamster wheels that we need to get into and focus on our local communities and school boards, our neighbors,
My neighbor brought me over eggplant parmesan yesterday.
Hello!
That was pretty spectacular.
I guess my sound effects went out.
So I gotta move this down over here.
Get those up there.
I wanted to say I got eggplant parmesan yesterday.
And that was very tasty.
There's still one third of it left.
You're not going to believe how big that dish was she brought over.
I'm really happy everybody's here.
52 viewers, holy cow.
Yeah, it was really good eggplant parm.
My wife doesn't make it.
It's not because she wouldn't eat it or because she can't.
It's more because I think she's worried that the rest of the crew would whine about it.
And given the amount of work it requires, well, anyway, she was also very jealous when I sent her the picture of the food.
I'm going to fade this music out in hopes that we won't get too much of a bump there.
And we're looking for a paradigm shift, ladies and gentlemen.
We're hoping that we can
make something happen in the next couple weeks and months as we try to push this forward.
So if you were at all interested in helping share this work and interested in helping people engage in United Noncompliance, now is the time.
Now is the time to get a little crazy with it.
Get a cup of coffee, sit in front of Twitter and just repost, post things.
You could just take, you know,
five videos from my website and post them on Twitter or post them on Facebook and just leave them there and have that be your thing.
GigaOM Biological right now, more than anything, needs you to share this work because I think if we get it out, people are going to convert and convert fast.
Welcome to the show ladies and gentlemen it is the 26th of July 2024 and I can't believe
we are still here.
On the other hand, I'm very humbled that I'm still here and able to do this with some capacity every day, mostly because of people who watch this show and those of you that share it.
GigaOM Biological is brought to you by a biologist in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
That's in the USA, the United States of America.
It is a message primarily intended
for all free humans on the planet but especially Americans because we are indeed in a unique trap and we have a very unique constitution that we should defend insofar as it is defendable.
I am a human just like you and I do believe that the biology is the way out
I also think you should pray.
I also think that you should connect with your family.
And I also think that you should try to understand this set of truths as best you can from all angles so that you can try to explain it to anyone who happens to bring up one aspect of it.
It's really worthwhile.
to start to realize that from the PBS NewsHour all the way to the craziest and fringiest people that have risen beyond 10,000 followers, you can rest assured that these people and these entities and these sort of
personalities are all there for a reason.
They're all there because they are part of the way that we are governed.
And this stems back to statements made already in the 1920s by people like Edward Bernays.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent, and RNA cannot pandemic.
Viruses are not pattern integrities is another way to think about that, and that'll come into play as we move forward in the coming weeks with this sort of general idea of how to think about general biology.
in a different way.
So they've created the illusion of consensus by sticking to a limited spectrum of debate.
Yesterday, one of the things that I showed you was this video from early 2021, or maybe it's the second, like August 21, July of 21, of Li Min Yan talking about the one-year anniversary of the Federation of China or something like this.
It's extraordinary for a number of reasons.
I'm going to play another small segment of it here before moving on, but rest assured or not, that's not the right phrase.
Please be aware that that.
Mark Hucytonic, Mark Kulak, Hucytonic ITS, has done some fantastic work trying to look at the background of Li Mingyan.
And as far as we can tell, as far as he can tell, it looks like she's married to a Sri Lankan man.
who may even have a job currently in Philadelphia, who has a lot of NIH funding and a history of working on, let's say, the more interesting coronaviruses in Tony Fauci's repertoire or resume.
And so it's a very, very curious situation that we're in because while we were offered Lee Minyan as someone who is a virologist with the credentials necessary to be touted by Steve Bannon and Tucker Carlson and Rudy Giuliani and Peter Navarro,
Yeah, she's just basically the wife of an NIH scientist, the wife of an NIH virologist, and the wife of an NIH pandemic virologist.
It's extraordinary.
If Mark's data, Mark's information is correct, which I mean, somebody would say it wasn't, right?
I mean, then we're really at an inflection point because then all of these people are frauds.
all of them it is one gigantic show if it turns out to be what mark has reported in the last couple shows is even remotely related to reality so i'm gonna switch back down over here and then play this video hey what the heck
Why didn't that play?
Oh, I know what's wrong.
We're having a little memory malfunction here.
When you have big slide decks.
We have to get her citizenship because we need her to run for the United States Senate.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
I cannot name all the people who helped me.
Mayor Rudy.
What did he say?
We have to get her citizenship, because we need her to run for the United States Senate.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
I cannot name all the people who helped me.
Mayor Rudy, Mr. Bannon, Dr. Navarro, Mr. Bilkert, all the people, our honored guests, the Morgan family,
Mr. Bill Gertz is a guy who interviewed me in 2020 and actually quoted me in the Washington Times right underneath Tony Fauci.
The quote from me was from an email that I sent to him in reply to his questions.
His quote from Tony Fauci was, of course, Tony Fauci's press quote.
And that got me some very
bad attention from the faculty and from the corporation that owns the hospital that works for or works with the University of Pittsburgh.
That's when I got the email from their media department saying, we've seen your YouTube channel.
If the newspapers call you, don't talk to them again.
So this is interesting that she mentions Bill Gertz.
I guess Bill Gertz is the guy who did an article about her or something like that.
Honored guest, the Morgan family.
I'll reel it back a little bit.
I cannot name all the people who helped me.
Mayor Rudy, Mr. Bannon, Dr. Navarro, Mr. Bilkos, all the people, our honored guests, the Morgan family, all the people, Raheem, Natalia, young but beautiful, but talented.
Yeah, all the people.
I appreciate everyone.
I appreciate everyone here without your effort.
We can never do this.
China, try to despair us, not only from physics, but also to silence us once you are treated as nuts.
You are treated as liars.
Once they ruin your reputation, your words cannot be heard.
That's also another type of silence.
So we need to fight.
We need to stand out, bravely tell people, you cannot win.
We are winning.
And one more word, no vaccine passport.
We need a safe vaccine.
And the vaccine cannot overcome bio warfare.
We need a safe vaccine, but a vaccine cannot overcome bio-warfare.
Thank you.
What?
No vaccine passport.
We need a safe vaccine, and the vaccine cannot overcome bio-warfare.
Thank you.
That's pretty extraordinary, don't you think?
I mean, so.
We have to get her citizenship because we need her to run for the United States Senate.
What?
Oh, I know what's going on here.
OK, I got to escape again.
I made a error on this slide.
I didn't get rid of this behind here.
So I thought that I would start today with a little fun before we go too far.
Now, this fun does have some swearing in it.
Um, and I'm not going to go too long with it.
Um, and not too deep into it.
Uh, but I just want you to see kind of how, what extraordinary place we are in.
Um, because it is a very extraordinary place.
Um, maybe I should just preface this first.
Uh, let me just preface this first.
I didn't know I was going to go here and then suddenly I'm here.
Um,
Where do I start?
My boys play a game called Ark and Ark is a very strange game because it involves high-definition graphics that kind of have an engine that's similar to Minecraft in the sense that you have to cut trees down and you have to, you know, you can get stuff, resources, and then build things with them or whatever.
In this game you can tame animals and there's blood and it's stupid and my wife and I had a lot of trouble with it for a long time.
ARK is a game where there are all kinds of prehistoric animals that are represented as known.
They have scientific names.
They're not like, you know, big hairy one, big hairy two.
They have like Latin names that, that populate this very, you know, populated ecosystem.
There potentially could be hundreds, if not maybe even a couple thousand species.
I don't know.
I'd have to ask somebody who knows more about the game, but the point is, is that a, a level of, of
fidelity and understanding and how much we've dedicated to naming these things is really extraordinary in that game.
And I find it also strange that dinosaurs, for example, there's no, there aren't really any serious university departments that study dinosaurs.
And, and Brett Weinstein, when he talks about evolution is never talking about the fossil record.
And so I just wanted to start with something funny and fun, not to debate whether or not dinosaurs are real, although I am a biologist, and at some point in time, I'm gonna be very tempted to tackle that as succinctly as possible.
I think there's a lot of reading and listening to do before I do that, and it's not a priority.
But I think it's a very funny topic.
And so it was recently covered on Joe Rogan by a guy who purports to be a dinosaur hunter.
So we're going to listen to a guy who is a dinosaur bone hunter collector.
paleontologist if you will and he's going to debunk a YouTube video that Jamie's gonna play for Joe and and this dude and it's it's hysterical because he's got a yellow beard and he's got a shirt on that has some kind of spaghetti monster or something on it and
It's a pretty extraordinary video.
So just, we'll see how long we can tolerate it.
Just for five minutes, just to kind of clear our minds before we turn our heads back to seriousness.
But this is kind of serious, right?
Because this is where
Well, I hope I'm not using too much time.
This is where the narrative is created.
This is the fifth generation warfare and what is going to happen here, maybe it's too much of a preface, but I got to say it.
What's going to happen here is they're going to watch a video and debunk it.
And while they're doing it, Joe Rogan is going to complain about why it is that if anybody can, if anybody can make a YouTube video and sound smart, then anybody can make a YouTube video and sound smart.
And that's really dangerous.
then they agree on it and then they proceed to debunk it and so the illusion of consensus that's created by this incredibly over-the-top video that's like 30 minutes long that we're only gonna watch like five or ten minutes of the illusion of consensus is is that bad YouTube content made by people with bad intentions is
can be dangerous because, you know, they could make people believe that there are no dinosaurs when there are dinosaurs.
And, oh my gosh, imagine the consequences of that.
If you convince somebody that there were no dinosaurs, the whole world, I mean, once that got out, the whole world would collapse.
And so that, this is really extraordinary because instead of talking about how Joe and this character can work together to create the illusion of that Joe and his guests work together to create the illusion of consensus about what questions are smart to ask and what answers are the right ones to debate about.
They purport to dance around, they dance together saying that, you know, people that make YouTube videos are dangerous because, you know, if you sound smart enough, you'll get away with it and people will believe you.
And so we've got to kind of do the opposite, I think.
That's kind of my idea in terms of how to get back to YouTube in a way that is meaningful and useful.
And yeah, anyway, let's do this.
I hope I just didn't blow it and I lost a bunch of viewers now.
Current slide, here we are.
Hello.
Hey, don't have to swear.
The dinosaurs are not real video.
Just do it.
God, see if we probably can't play it on YouTube or we'll get pulled, but we can play the audio, right?
Play the audio.
We'll put the video up on the screen and play the audio for you.
And you could just fucking your head could turn beet red.
Smoke's gonna come out of your ears.
Because the thing is about these videos, and this is the issue that I have with not just videos, but also with blogs.
People, you're writing things and you're not being checked as you're going along.
So it's just you broadcasting an idea.
It's not a conversation.
And because of that, you can give off the illusion of expertise without being checked.
Here it goes, dinosaurs never existed.
And by the way- Oh my God, Eric Dubé?
this is the flat earth guy yeah the guy that does 200 proofs the earth is flat that everybody has debunked fucking a thousand no no no shills okay so first of all already they're playing one card right
And we've talked about this card before, but I want to point it out very clearly.
The flat earth idea is often used as an anchor or a weight.
In other words, you know, you can't swim if you believe in flat earth, then everything else is over.
And to a certain extent, I think that's how some of these ideas are used.
And it's more or less kind of the same
It's more or less kind of the same idea of me saying that David Icke is somebody that they've used for many, many, many years.
They have to have one person out there.
And that's why he says things like they're all really lizards.
Because if he didn't say things like UFOs and lizards and this kind of stuff, then his, you know, the real stuff that he talks about, how these people are working against us and how they do it would be
would be undiscreditable.
It would be undeniable then.
But this makes it very easy to deny this guy in theory, right?
Oh yeah, but he's a flat earther, so what he says about dinosaurs can't possibly be real.
Oh, okay.
Well then that clears everything up here.
You see, so already they're kind of starting something funny.
Listen to this guy.
Don't you dare mention Owen's name, you asshole.
The next thing you should see is the thing on his hand, because that's really strange to me, and I'll tell you why.
Because he's on the Joe Rogan program.
You know, like this for most people would be like, what?
more exposure than you're ever gonna get in your life again, and an hour of it.
So how is it possible that he's so tired that he decides to lean not on the top knuckles like this, but on the secondary knuckles like this?
Like who even leans like that?
And why would you show so much disinterest in being on the show?
Why would you show, oh, I'm so tired?
Why would you ever take the posture like this?
To me, it's obvious that there's something else happening here.
I don't know what that is.
Is that a three?
Is that a pyramid there?
Something silly like that?
I don't know, but it's just dumb.
It's just dumb.
Maybe it's just to confuse us.
Writing things, and you're not being checked as you're going along.
So it's just you broadcasting an idea.
It's not a conversation.
And because of that, you can give off the illusion of expertise without being checked.
Here it goes.
Dinosaurs never existed.
And by the way- Oh my god, Eric Dubé?
This is the flat earth guy.
Yeah, the guy that does 200 proofs the earth is flat.
Everybody has debunked fucking Shills are listen to this guy Don't you dare mention Owens name you asshole in 1842
Or, in other words, the existence of dinosaurs was first speculatively hypothesized by a knighted museum head coincidentally in the mid-19th century during the heyday of evolutionism before a single dinosaur fossil had ever been found.
Wrong.
Pause.
Every time, pause.
uh dinosaurs uh we we discovered marine reptiles and the first dinosaurs about a century before that so that right there eric you're fucking wrong so three or four times like don't bring your flat earth bullshit into my profession now my profession this guy's got a profession with a yellow beard and a hockey jersey with some kind of
Some kind of, I don't know what that is like squid monster there.
I can't really read that.
I've tried to read it a couple of different times.
Um, I just find it extraordinary.
I find it absolutely extraordinary.
Now, remember what I'm trying to show you is that you don't, we don't, they're misleading the young.
They're misleading people under 30.
And maybe only half of the population of the people under 30, or maybe only half of the people in America and two thirds of the people outside of America.
I don't know.
Not everybody watches Joe Rogan, but the point is, is that how many Joe Rogans do they need to have in order to have a sort of monopoly on what we think and what questions we are asking.
And now again, they're complaining about a single YouTube person as being a pain in the ass, a single YouTube guy spreading misinformation.
And they are, we, I want you to see is that the way that this is done is the Lex Friedman podcast.
Cause that's two people.
One could be witting and one might be unwitting, but most of the time it's two people that are wittingly working together
to portray an illusion of consensus about what questions to ask and what answers are the most interesting to discuss.
Joe Rogan's pretty good at it, but more than likely, Joe Rogan, it's his guests that are doing it.
And Joe Rogan is just really good at being that sounding board or that reflector device or whatever you want to call it that he is as a conversationalist, which is fine.
But what you see with Brett Weinstein and his wife is probably Brett playing his wife a little bit and actually working with his brother and all these other guys, including Joe Rogan.
When I was still in contact with Brett Weinstein, he bragged to our Signal Chat that he was the scientific advisor to Joe Rogan.
I mean, I'm not, I don't, I don't, I'm not making, I can't make anything up.
I just, I can only just tell the truth and whatever comes out, comes out.
Sometimes I remember the fun details and sometimes not.
But this, this little bit right here, so that you can see how these Jordan Peterson and Elon Musk talking just now was one of these things.
And to the extent to which each of them understands what role they're playing, I don't know, but I am absolutely certain that they understand they're playing a role.
Because none of these people have risen to prominence, fame, and that much social power without the blessing of the people that are running this theater.
There's just no way.
It's not possible.
And they may be from, some of these people may be from competing factions that are running parts of this theater, but it isn't 10 factions.
It's not 20 different groups or 20 different weaponized piles of money fighting.
There might be some Asian component and some North American component or some European and English component, London component and Vatican component, or I don't know what, but
These people all know that they're playing for bigger powers than their sponsors or whatever it is that they're hawking in the day.
Oops, I'm gonna let that go just a little bit longer because it's fun.
studies of science when in 1854 Ferdinand Van Der Veer Hayden during his exploration of the upper Missouri River found proof of Owen's theory a few unidentified teeth he mailed to leading paleontologist Joseph Leidy who several years later declared them to be from an ancient extinct Trachodon dinosaur which beyond ironic
so that's because we can do things like look at modern analogs and see how teeth are fucking made we know if it's a predator or if it's prey we know if it's an herbivore or a carnivore we know how teeth are fucking built even back then even when they're doing naturalist we know how teeth are built so what he means is we know how teeth in the animal kingdom um are shaped depending on the
the biology of the animal.
It's very imprecise language.
It's designed specifically to mislead the young.
And then Joe Rogan laughing at him.
Is he laughing at him because he realizes how ham-fisted this rebuttal is and how much he's discrediting himself by constantly swearing?
I mean, shouldn't you instead be laughing at him?
It's just kind of the way also when, um, when the guy who went to space, what is his name?
Is it, is it, is it not Glenn, but the other dude, um, Buzz Aldrin has knocked a couple of people out, right?
I mean, what kind of,
What kind of reaction is that?
If you climbed Mount Everest, would you really be so angry at somebody that you'd knock them out if they said you didn't?
I mean, it doesn't seem compatible with having achieved the greatest achievement in mankind's history.
to even be vulnerable to something like that anymore.
That seems crazy.
You almost died in outer space and spent like a week farther away from the Earth than any other human being or however long they were away.
And then you came back successfully.
And I have a hard time understanding that press conference from when they first got in front of the press and started talking about their moon landing stuff.
And here we have again, another guy who's not, doesn't seem normal for me.
If this guy is a private paleontologist, not working for a university, not on government grants, but apparently selling replicas of bones to museums all over the world for thousands of dollars.
And that's their real business.
They make the replicas.
You know, there are private owners of these skeletons.
These skeletons go for potentially millions of dollars, but then you never see the skeleton.
You see a cast of the skeleton that these private bone companies are the curators of.
They own the molds.
And this is the guy who's swearing at you to tell you that these things are real, which is extraordinary because, again, what are the consequences of the idea that, well,
Dinosaurs have been grossly exaggerated.
Of course, there are mammoths.
Of course, there are woolly mammoths.
We found those in the permafrost.
So not all of these stories are made up.
But what if some of the larger ones are fabrications?
You know, what if even
three or four of them are fabrications because they're so valuable in private collections that people will pay millions of dollars for them.
It seems extraordinary, right?
And so that's really where I was.
When I was a little kid, I walked into the museum and the first time I was ever taken to a museum that mattered at all was actually to see the collection of King Tut.
And so we actually went all the way to Chicago with my family to go to the, take my grandma to the field museum.
I believe it was at the field museum.
And because the memory is very clear, that was where I saw my first brontosaurus skeleton.
And it's a huge skeleton.
I could not figure out how it was that they had mounted all those rocks so high.
and how they were so big and then they only had little wires going through it.
How did they get those wires in those rocks?
Like did they drill them in or how is that even safe?
It's got to be tons, right?
I mean, some of those bones might weigh as much as a car or am I an idiot?
I was a little kid asking those questions, but that's what I was asking.
How did they get those rocks so high?
Isn't that dangerous?
How come that metal doesn't bend?
Only many, many, many years later did I find out there are no real bones in any museum on display.
This guy just said, well, yeah, but that's the way it is.
I mean, come on.
drawings like this.
It's like the Megalodon tooth on my arm.
It is a predator.
It's obviously a serrated tooth.
Is it Megalodon or Megalodon?
How do you say it?
It depends.
Your emphasis can be on a different syllable.
So, syllable.
What?
And he's pointing to his Mastodon tooth, but did he show it to you?
Did he show you the mastodon tooth?
Cause now they're not watching the video.
So I guess he's not tired anymore.
He's not like this talking to Joe.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, the same thing.
It's, it's really, uh, yeah.
Uh-huh.
And then he puts his arm down and he says, yeah, the mastodon tattoo down here, the one that you can't see right now.
right so watch carefully what happens when he decides to watch the video again before or a carnivore we know how teeth are fucking built even back then even when they're doing naturalistic drawings like this it's like like the the the megalodon tooth on my arm it is a predator it's obviously a serrated is it megalodon or megalodon
How do you say it?
It depends.
Your emphasis can be on a different syllable.
It's both.
It's not like nuclear and nuclear?
Did you hear it?
Your emphasis can be on another syllable.
What is he, from another planet?
There's no accent of English on the whole Earth.
that says those two words like that.
List again, please.
I mean, this is absurdity at the highest level.
Ah, darn it.
Sorry.
It was like right here, I don't know where.
Like, don't bring your flat-earth bullshit.
During his exploration, declared them to be from an ancient, extinct, Trachodon dynasty.
Two unidentified, long-lost animals.
Like, don't bring your f- Uh, we- we discovered marine reptiles and the first dinosaur.
Even when they're doing naturalistic drawings like this.
It's like, how teeth are fucking made.
There we go.
We know if it's a predator or if it's prey.
We know if it's an herbivore or a carnivore.
We know how teeth are fucking built.
Even back then, even when they're doing naturalistic drawings like this.
It's like the Megalodon tooth on my arm.
It is a predator.
It's obviously a serrated tooth.
Is it Megalodon or Megalodon?
How do you say it?
Your emphasis can be on a different syllable.
It's both.
It's not like nuclear and nuclear?
No, no.
Do you know how hard it is to talk like that?
Like to change the accent on words like that?
Your emphasis, your emphasis could be on another syllable.
Like that was, that's pretty impressive.
I would like to try to practice doing that.
It doesn't have two U's.
But it's spelled the same, but it's like Dimetrodon or Dimetrodon.
It's the same thing.
Megalodon or Megalodon.
Does anyone know what effect psychologically it has when you listen to two people and one laughs at the other one?
Does that send a psychological signal of agreement?
Is that when Joel laughs with him, does that create the illusion of, oh, these two guys definitely agree that this is ridiculous, that these guys agree that what the dude with the yellow beard is saying is right?
I think it does.
Keep doing this.
What is it, 20 minutes?
Now he's got his arm up again.
Now he's got his arm up there again.
necessary for the blossoming theory of evolution would be hypothesized and then conveniently discovered by teams of evolutionist archaeologists purposely out looking to find such fossils.
I'm glad I brought a lot of beer.
And it is even more dubious that such fossils have supposedly existed for millions of years but were never found by or known to any civilization in the history of humanity until evolution.
Okay, yeah, the reason why we didn't know about things beforehand because we weren't doing shit like wholesale intellectual studies of science when people were building fucking pyramids and stuff like that.
That's why we have different ages.
in throughout anthropological records we have the so he's saying that when people were doing pyramids they were too stupid to be digging for fossils they were too dumb to think about that stuff they still had to figure a lot of other things out so they wasted all their time building pyramids that's that's pretty impressive he's got a pretty good insight into
and Iron Age and all that because we have to do things like figure out the land around us and when we start finding really old bones like hey this looks like a really big chicken bone what the fuck or this looks like a huge human with a single eye what the fuck we start looking at stuff like that saying I really can't stress how obvious it is
if you don't conduct yourself in a professional way that your intention is not to be taken seriously.
It can't be.
The only people that would take him seriously professionally in that outfit would be people that if he was speaking in such a way that kind of projected or demanded that respect.
This kind of
It is absurd.
But this absurdity on the background of, oh yeah, well, they were probably smoking before they started or whatever is exactly what is the magic.
Because there's no way anyone would ever come onto my stream.
And even if it was Snoop Dogg, we wouldn't sit here and start with a big spliff and be on screen doing that.
That would just be insane.
because it's not the message that we're trying to send.
It's not the work that I'm doing.
If at the end of the stream, you know, Snoop Dogg said, okay, now we're going in, now we're going into the other part of the garage, turn that camera off.
Well then, you know, that might be the joke that we end with, but you see what the problem is?
The other thing to think about, and then we're going to move on.
This was where I wanted to get, thank goodness.
I was a little bit struggling because I couldn't remember where we were.
The other thing to think about is, is that if these bones are so rare and so real, then why are they not treated just like, let's say, a perfectly preserved sarcophagus from Egypt?
or a burial ground of Native Americans.
If we only have three intact skeletons that even remotely resemble dinosaurs per se, why aren't these things the most cherished national treasures of the United States?
Why are they all in private collections?
They're not artwork.
It's bigger than that, if that's the case, isn't it?
And so all of this stuff just doesn't jive.
All of it really doesn't jive.
The most important thing that doesn't jive is how uninterested modern biologists in academia are in this subject.
The only people that are interested in it are guys like this and kids under the age of 12.
And there's gotta be a reason.
There's gotta be a reason why all of the dinosaur enthusiasts are kids.
All of the dinosaur scientists are... It's a crazy place we live in right now, ladies and gentlemen.
It's a crazy place and I think we need a new consensus about biology that we definitely understand.
We need a new consensus about the idea that transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
And there's hundreds of thousands of biologists and doctors and probably also lawyers like patent lawyers should have known already that that was the case.
There's a lot of technology that has been rolled out as commercial products in the pharmaceutical industry and the biosciences industry that serves academia.
And all of those people definitely knew that transfection was a word that described lipid nanoparticles being used to deliver RNA to a target.
That's why there's a product called Lipofectamine.
So RNA cannot pandemic is something that I think every academic biologist should think very hard about what they know and don't know about the factual nature of that statement.
If you really know that RNA can pandemic and how you know it, because I really think the argument that there's never been a good argument made that RNA can pandemic, never.
Never, ever, ever, ever, ever.
The only argument that they make is virology and RNA virology is very, very weak as the no virus people like Mark Bailey have demonstrated in a lot of their work.
The vaccine schedule in the USA is a criminal enterprise, and we can start on any number of ways to describe why that's the case.
But despite having maybe 10 or 15 or even 20 less shots than the United States, there are no other countries in the world that are suffering from diseases that we are not.
Let me repeat that.
There are no diseases in the world that are the least prevalent in America because of our extraordinary vaccine schedule.
Like in all other places, we really have a lot of this rotavirus stuff, but thank goodness we in America are giving all of our kids a rotavirus vaccine thanks to none other than Paul Offit.
But the rest of the world that doesn't use the rotavirus, they're all, my goodness, they've got problems.
That rotavirus, that's a pesky thing.
We've got to teach our young parents that this is a lie.
We've got to teach our young children that this is a lie so that they grow up and change the world.
That's how we are going to change the world.
We're going to teach the kids and they're going to change the world.
Unfortunately, because of everyone from Nancy Pelosi on up, the people that just went along with it because yeah, sure.
I'll do it.
all the way up to the people who are the masterminds of it, including the people like Joshua Lederberg, who have been a thought leader in America for a couple generations.
Hilary Koprowski, Bob Gallo, David Baltimore, all of these people are thought leaders that from whom Robert Malone and Judy Mikovits and these people descend, even Tony Fauci.
It's murder and lies, ladies and gentlemen.
We gotta remind people that it's murder and lies, and we gotta teach people.
This is how coronavirus invades your body, sinking its crown-like spikes into your cells, using molecular deception to pick their locks, and hijacking your body.
But there is one way to prevent this, by using one of the virus's weapons on itself.
Hey, smart people, Joe here.
Right now, there's about 7 billion people all waiting for the same thing, a vaccine that will protect us from the virus causing COVID-19.
And if you're like me, you want to know what's in it, what makes it work.
So this is, of course, 2021.
And here we go.
Work.
Making a vaccine and getting it out to the public is a long process with a lot of steps, so we can make sure the vaccine is safe and effective.
And it's pretty typical for that to take 10 years or more.
In an emergency, like this pandemic, well, we can't skip any of those steps, but we can speed this up by doing some of them at the same time.
Now, what are they just doing right there?
What they're doing is using a simple cartoon to cast an enchantment.
Do you know what the enchantment is?
I wonder if Robert Malone would know what the enchantment is, seeing as he's like a bio, bio scientist, something, something.
Ruby, is that you?
Do you know what the enchantment is?
The enchantment of course is, is that the, the fact that it takes 10 years was just because we're lazy or we're slow, or we don't want to spend all the money at once, or because we're never in a hurry usually.
The reason why it takes 10 years is because of the ethical process of deciding when it is ethically justified to test an idea, a therapy, a methodology, a drug on humans.
And so by putting them all at the same time, you have completely voided the main reason why it used to take 10 years.
because it takes 10 years when the ethical concerns are taken into account in the way that we thought and previously was proper.
And so here's PBS News producing videos for YouTube with this guy already in 2020.
I think this is from 2020, actually, if I put them in the right order.
Let me just see where the dog is really quick, because I thought she walked in here
Thank you for that.
Sorry, I am home alone and I have the garage cracked at the bottom so that we get some cross breeze in here and then.
So they're already pulling a trick on you when they, when he just says, well, you know, normally it takes 10 years, but this time we're going to, we're going to do all these at the same time.
And it's fine.
No, it's not.
Because if you do them all at the same time, then the ethical considerations, which were the basis for the timeline in the first place are completely thrown out the window just by moving these very pretty, pleasing colored lines together instead of apart.
Stop lying.
Like this pandemic, well, we can't skip any of those steps, but we can speed this up by doing some of them at the same time.
But none of that can happen until you figure out the first step.
What do you put in your vaccine that will make it protect people?
And that's what we're going to talk about today.
We're going to visit a lab and meet some scientists who study the coronavirus.
We're also going to meet a really big, awesome science machine and learn how they used it to design this, the key ingredient inside the very first COVID-19 vaccines.
Now here's my goal with this video, to show you what exactly is in the new COVID vaccines that makes them work.
and how they got made faster than any vaccine in history.
My hope is that you'll be better informed when you get your shot, and you'll have a new appreciation for why science like this is so important.
This is how to make a COVID-19 vaccine.
It turns out that some of the most important research for making the COVID-19 vaccine is happening right down the road from me, at the University of Texas.
Which is pretty cool, because I did my PhD right here.
And in here is the lab of Dr. Jason McClellan.
He studies how pathogens like coronavirus cause disease.
There are four human coronaviruses that occur seasonally and generally cause the common
That said, coronavirus wrangler.
I don't know if you saw that or not.
That's them, I guess, trying to be funny.
So keep in mind that Mark just did a show and has a website called therealevent201.com.
And there you can find an event that took place in 2018 where the lady who was on the front cover of Time with a few other people like Big Barney,
and Weissman and Karaku or whatever her name is.
Anyway, you saw that, you've seen that Time Magazine article where she was talking about, giving a talk about using the spike protein as a vaccine.
Ralph Baric has been talking about using the spike protein as a vaccine for quite a while, or the spike protein being a neutralizing target for a little while, or antibodies to the spike protein being the antibodies that we have to look for as a correlate of protection,
And so it's not a new story, it's an old story.
It's the standard story.
It's the standard biosecurity narrative that there are viruses called coronaviruses.
There are viruses called SARS coronaviruses.
SARS coronaviruses cause respiratory disease.
We make antibodies to the spike protein of SARS and that's how we fight it off.
That's the narrative they've been telling us for almost 20 years now.
And this guy is going to try and reiterate it in such a way that it sounds like, you know, we're learning and it's a new idea and this is cutting edge.
This is the narrative.
This is the narrative they've published over and over again.
HecoHealth Alliance and Peter Daszak published this narrative and even publish experiments that purport to edify this narrative as the reality of our high fidelity understanding of how SARS coronaviruses from bats interact with human populations.
There are four human coronaviruses that occur seasonally and generally cause the common cold.
And then there have been three coronaviruses that have caused pandemics.
And that's the first SARS coronavirus back in 2002, the MERS coronavirus in 2012, and now SARS-CoV-2, which emerged earlier this year.
At the end of December 2019, it was on the news that there was these pneumonia clusters in China.
In the scientific community, we thought maybe a new flu virus or possibly a coronavirus.
I was actually snowboarding with my family and my collaborator Barney Graham at the Vaccine Research Center at the NIH called and he said he's been in contact with US CDC, Chinese CDC.
It looks like it's a beta coronavirus similar to SARS and they wanted to move.
So Barney, Barney Graham, I believe is the guy and Mark could correct me if I'm wrong.
I think Barney Graham is the guy who was roommates with a dude from Pfizer at Rice University when they were in college.
And then now like he's the head of the National Institutes of Health Vaccine Research Center.
And that guy was one of the heads of Pfizer, not the dude like the,
The one that like hugged the lady from the EU and gave her a kiss on the lips.
Not Bourla, but some other dude.
No, not Yidden, like a current Pfizer guy.
Why doesn't it start again?
rapidly try and make a vaccine and I said we're definitely in.
So you're just like scrolling through your phone in this ski lodge, you're like we gotta get to work.
So while the rest of us were focused on royal family drama and just hearing the first mentions of coronavirus for the very first time, scientists like Jason knew this was serious.
and they were already getting to work.
As soon as researchers in China decoded the virus's genome and published it online, Jason's lab could start designing a vaccine.
I texted Daniel Rapp, my graduate student, and let him know to be on high alert, because as soon as we get the sequence, we're going to move as quickly as we can.
Jason was on that winter vacation and texted me that it was a coronavirus.
And eventually, in early January, the sequence was released online publicly.
And then things started moving pretty quickly.
Let's step back for a minute.
What does a vaccine do?
Well, it trains your immune system.
Let's step back for a minute and realize that one of the easiest ways that a national security state could execute this illusion
would be to first have the DOD develop a widely universally activating immunogen that would guarantee you a robust antibody response after four or five exposures.
Maybe you'd say, for example, hire somebody like Robert Malone and send him to a place like EpiVax and have EpiVax as a company screen a bunch of people for universal epitopes which are shared across
major histocompatibility complex molecules across different backgrounds to identify molecular motifs that can trigger lots of people's MHC and therefore trigger antigen presentation and trigger an immune response, an antibody response.
And so if you wanted to say, for example, have a guaranteed successful vaccine, a vaccine that would produce a robust antibody response, even in the boosters,
One of the ways to do it would be to take something like technology that would be developed at some place like EpiVax and take that technology and make a small DNA clone of it and then put that clone somewhere where you wanted it to be found.
And then when you found it, you'd say, well, we need a vaccine for it.
And we got one.
And so because he called Barney Graham, he's essentially calling Tony Fauci, which means he's essentially calling DITRA and DOD and HHS and all of the intelligence agencies in the entire national security apparatus.
Because once you're talking to Barney Graham, you're talking to them.
And so he's not like, you know, six degrees of separation away from Kevin Bacon here.
We're talking about, he called Barney Graham.
from the ski hill, and Barney Graham is directly connected to the national security state.
There can be no doubt.
That's why this guy, while he tells the story, is saying things like, when you get your shot, you want to know what's in it.
Assuming you're going to get your shot, because when you get your shot assumes that.
system to know what a germ, like a virus, looks like, so that they can recognize the germ, fight it off, and keep you safe without you getting sick.
This is the virus that causes COVID-19.
The outer shell is made of a few different kinds of proteins, but these proteins sticking off the side are the most important part, the spike.
These spikes are what give this family of viruses their name, the coronaviruses, because they look kinda like a crown.
The coronavirus uses that spike to sneak into our cells.
The three-dimensional shape of that spike is super important, because that exact shape is what lets the virus latch on to receptors on the outside of our cells, almost like picking a lock.
And then it sneaks inside.
Those shapes sticking out on the outside of a virus are also what your immune system is feeling for, to figure out if this is a foreign invader, if it should attack or not.
The problem is, the first time your body sees a virus, your immune system responds so slowly that the virus has time to make gazillions of copies of itself.
And you can still get very, very sick.
That's what's great about a vaccine.
It trains your immune system what to look for, so when the real virus shows up, your body can respond super fast and destroy the virus before it has a chance to hijack your cells.
Now that's funny, hijack your cells before it has a chance to hijack your cells.
They've never shown that
that infection or viral load or any of these things are confirmably lower in people that are vaccinated.
That's not a correlate.
That's never been a correlate.
Not in one, not in one grant proposal, not in one grant call has that never, that's never been a correlate of immunity.
The amount of virus that's made and the amount of virus that's made cannot be measured.
So the whole concept that this is what this guy's saying, I don't even know where he would learn this from.
You would have to buy a comic book about virology from somebody like Vincent Racaniello before you would get to that absolutely ridiculous child-level approximation of what might happen in the event of viruses being real in the first place.
But the idea that he thinks that antibodies prevent the virus from being able to hijack your cells and make lots of copies of it.
But the first time you see the virus, it makes lots of copies of itself.
But then the next time it doesn't, well, that's a pretty extraordinary claim that should be pretty extraordinarily easy to measure.
But of course it's never been measured.
They can't measure that.
It's an extraordinary statement that makes clear that he's not the one who's making the script.
This is not a smart guy.
This is an actor.
And that should insult you.
So what's actually in a vaccine?
Well, sometimes a vaccine has a weakened or dead virus.
That's how polio and measles and mumps and some other vaccines work.
But these days, a vaccine usually just contains a little piece of the virus.
The newest COVID-19 vaccines?
They're just the spike.
But for that spike to work as a vaccine, to train your immune system to recognize the actual virus, it has to have the same three-dimensional shape as the spike on the whole complete virus.
But making the spike all by itself, not attached to the rest of the virus, turns out to be really hard.
Because the spike is actually pretty floppy, just floating around on its own.
It doesn't look much like the spike on the actual virus.
And this is the key thing Jason's lab figured out how to make.
For years, they'd studied SARS and- But that was a lie.
Isn't that extraordinary?
I mean, they have all these fancy tools, all these three-dimensional models, and then they tell you that the spike protein.
Now, I don't, I'm not going to tell you that as a molecular biologist, I can definitively tell you, you know, what conformational changes occur and whether they occur or not and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I don't, I can't confirm to you that
that antibody-dependent enhancement is the binding of antibodies to the open configuration of the spike to stabilize it.
I can't tell you all that stuff, but I can tell you that there is a consensus among molecular biologists that this protein is real and it shares some sort of homologous functionality with other proteins which serve a similar function to bring two membranes together.
So in that sense, this protein is known to change conformations, and this protein in particular, because it has two furin cleavage sites that enable it to be the most infectious virus in history, according to Charles Rixey, also has this dissociatable subunit, this ACE1 receptor binding domain that the S1 subunit just kind of gets cleaved and released on its own, supposedly, according to this mythology.
And so, it's not just floppy like this, but it changes conformation.
And in one conformation, there's a hydrophobic portion of the protein that's supposedly exposed in what allows the membrane fusion to occur and might make it a more pathogenic protein if that hydrophobic part is exposed.
That might be one of the damage-associated molecular patterns that your body makes memory to if all of these proteins are real.
Now, if the spike protein, for example, was the EpiVax developed immunogen, and they wanted to find the spike protein somewhere, so they put it in a coronavirus sequence, or they put it in on a background where the rest of the coronavirus genes are available, then the illusion is done.
Nobody has to be infected by it.
It doesn't have to be found in lots of places.
They only had to find it in the one time that is going to be used to justify Jason McClellan's work, to justify Barney's choice, to justify that Moderna lady who was on that Ted Talk on stage saying it took us 45 minutes to design it.
And so it's not floppy, it's about a conformational change.
So science guy here talking about big science machines and trying to make you better informed before you take your shot is a liar.
He's an actor and a well-paid one at that probably.
He may not even know to what extent he is lying, but this guy probably, you know, it's wrong.
MERS viruses, which are really closely related to the virus that causes COVID.
So they already knew what tiny tweaks to make, to freeze to make.
For years, they'd studied SARS and MERS viruses.
Oh, MERS and SARS viruses are the viruses that Li Min Yan's husband studied and was funded to study by NIH and Tony Fauci.
And actually Li Min Yan as well was funded and worked for.
Yeah, it's very close circle, interesting times.
which are really closely related to the virus that causes COVID.
So they already knew what tiny tweaks to make to freeze the coronavirus spikes into the perfect shape.
So we got to work designing our stabilizing mutations into the new spike sequence.
There was just two amino acids that we knew would, if we mutated them, that would stabilize the spike protein and make it a lot easier to work with in the laboratory.
A protein, like the coronavirus spike, is a long folded string of individual units called amino acids.
And these strings of amino acids are built using code written in RNA and stored in DNA.
By changing, or mutating, the letters of DNA code, we can change the amino acids in our protein string.
So it's cool, so you're like building scaffolding into the protein to be like, freeze in this shape.
Yeah, that's a good way to put it.
How do you get from there to making the actual spike protein?
I can show you.
Okay.
Scientists are able to grow special immortal human cells outside the body, which they use as factories.
They put a modified gene for something like their spike protein into those cells.
And then they'll start spitting out this protein.
So they're just pumping it out into the liquid.
Yeah, that's right.
They take that liquid, run it through special purification machines, and are able to isolate a pure sample.
Now, how is that any different than virology using clones?
It's not any different at all.
So he says that they put a cloned gene into the cells, and then the cells start spitting out the protein.
Do they spit out the protein all packaged up nice?
Or do they spit out the protein on small membrane-bound vesicles?
I think they do it on membrane-bound vesicles, which technically is exosomal.
So they're shedding the protein, but the proteins are attached by a lipid particle bubble.
And so what you're seeing here is a, you know, they tell you the truth, they show you the truth, but then they have a lot of people that agree that the truth is invisible or that that's not what you see.
But he just said it right there.
That's exactly what infectious clones are.
He said it right here.
You're going to change the DNA in order to change the protein.
But what you're changing is the RNA, of course, they're going to inject the RNA.
And so while he's talking about making the spike protein, and while he's talking about making the spike protein in those cultures, just like Brian Artis at the Red Pill talked about them making venom.
What he is failing to notice is that in order to get there, you have to be able to make the DNA and lots of it.
And how do you do it?
You do that in cell culture and bacterial cultures.
You take the DNA and you grow it in a bacterial culture.
And when you have enough of that DNA, then you put it on that cell culture and the cell culture makes the RNA and the protein.
They're telling you how virology is done right here.
Because all you got to do is add an RNA polymerase and an N-protein and an M-protein and there you go.
That's exactly what the no-CM technique of Ralph Baric is all about.
The minimum number of coronavirus genes you need to get packaging to occur.
And that guy is exclusively, exclusively talking, exclusively talking
about packaging with the N-protein.
And the N-protein is almost enough to get packaging to occur on its own.
Is there any surprise that making the spike protein would also get packaging to occur?
The spike protein is the most abundant subgenomic RNA produced whenever they do these experiments.
Immortal human cells he's using there.
Yeah, you know, that's because that's normal word in DNA By changing or mutating the letters of DNA code we can change the amino acids in our protein string.
So it's cool.
You're like building Scaffolding into the protein to be like freeze in this in this shape.
Yeah, that's a good way to put it
How do you get from there to making the actual spike protein?
I can show you.
Okay.
Scientists are able to grow special, immortal human cells outside the body, which they use as factories.
They put a modified gene for something like their spike protein into those cells.
And then they'll start spitting out this protein.
So they're just pumping it out into the liquid?
Yeah, that's right.
They take that liquid, run it through special purification machines, and are able to isolate a pure sample of their spike protein.
But how do they know for sure that this special spike protein looks like the real thing?
Pure sample?
What's that stuff down here?
How come it's not like a... I mean, I see it's a peak, but it's got a lot of trail here.
It's got stuff up here.
It's not a pure spike.
But that's okay.
That's not the point for what he's saying.
Just keep in mind that what he's going to do now is he's going to talk about the big science machine and they're going to take this pure sample of the protein
that they made a quantity that would never exist in nature using a quantity of RNA that would never exist in nature, a quantity of cultured cells that would never exist in nature, starting with a quantity of pure DNA that would never exist in nature.
And when they got all the way to this highly pure sample of the protein, they're able to use a computer and an electron microscope to create shadows of the protein at many different angles, and then use a computer program to take all of those shadows and create a three-dimensional average of the shape of the protein.
And Robert Malone, at the beginning of the pandemic, was able to do the same thing with the 3CL protease and one other viral protein in order to interface that computer-generated model of X-ray crystallography, that's what they're going to do here in a minute, that computer model, and to interface that with all known drugs and pharmaceuticals in the FDA catalog.
to identify fumotidine, silicoxib, ivermectin, and remdesivir as good candidates to treat COVID.
Although he was on a show with people and supported people like Pierre Cory and Robert Malone, I'm sorry, Brett Weinstein and Steve Kirsch, all of whom have advocated
very vigorously for ivermectin.
He himself has never said yes or no, ivermectin is great.
He's just said that they've not allowed us to talk about it.
Just like he's never said hydroxychloroquine is really great, even though what he has said is that they haven't allowed us to talk about it.
You must see it for what it is.
This is an elaborate military exercise, a military operation designed to trick us into misleading our children about RNA's pandemic potential.
But how do they know for sure that this special spike protein looks like the real thing, 3D shape and all?
Well, they take pictures of it.
Using a big, awesome science machine.
This is a cryo-electron microscope.
This machine took a 3D picture of the coronavirus spike and helped design the very first COVID-19 vaccine.
I got the big science machine.
Looks like a giant microwave.
I mean, the room is like a million dollars, and then the microscope's another million.
So you're saying don't touch this screen, right?
So you can see like the floor is separate from the instrument.
So it's on its own.
Vibrations are bad.
These are wall panels that contain water running behind them to keep the temperature constant in the room.
And then it also has to be... I mean, I don't know really why anybody does this anymore because Robert Malone at the beginning of the pandemic used DITRA's technology codified in the domain server to generate with a small crack
volunteer team, almost like the A-team, got together and made an x-ray crystallography computer model that was sufficient to identify ivermectin, silicoxib, famotidine, and remdesivir.
And at least two of those have been widely advocated for.
It's not really clear why domain did not identify hydroxychloroquine, but you know, whatever.
Maybe because there was already a paper on that, he didn't bother to include it in the scan.
Electromagnetically shielded, too.
That is nuts.
Look at this beefy cable over here.
So that's the 200,000 volts coming from that.
OK.
Yeah.
So don't lick that one.
Oh, this is science-y.
Look at all that science happening in there, man.
It's kind of a marvel of physics and engineering.
Can you play Doom on this thing?
Some of our computers, you'd be able to play at max settings.
So maybe this sounds like a super stupid question, but why can't you just use a regular light microscope to take a picture of a protein?
Well, the wavelength of visible light is on the order of hundreds of nanometers, and that means the smallest things you can see with visible light are also on the scale of hundreds of nanometers.
But what we want to see, the atoms in a protein molecule, they're angstroms apart, tenths of a nanometer.
So we can't use visible light.
We have to use a special electron microscope.
So super high energy electrons make very tiny wavelengths, which lets you see very, very small resolution things.
That's right.
Okay.
I want a camera like that.
That's better than 4K.
We could go angstrom K.
So, to take a 3D picture of a protein with a cryo-electron microscope, first you put a drop of protein onto a special metal grid, then you freeze it in place with liquid ethane.
When we shoot a beam of electrons at it, these proteins will be in all kinds of random orientations.
Each orientation leaves a particular shadow.
Powerful computers look at all of those 2D images, and then combine them into a final 3D shape.
It's kind of like using a bunch of 2D photos to make a 3D model.
And when Jason and Daniel and their team looked at the spike that they made with their tiny little tweaks and mutations, their spike has the same 3D shape as the spike on the whole virus.
Pretty cool.
Now we can put that spike into people.
And how would they do that?
How would they determine that?
Well, they would make the regular spike, I guess, right?
Or what?
Don't they have to make the spike on the virus and then compare that using the same methodology?
Because if you can't take a picture of the viral spike,
this way you see what that is that's that's strange that's a strange claim and they i because the assumption still is then that the process of doing the electron microscopy doesn't change the three-dimensional structure of the protein
And keep in mind, if you had that three-dimensional image of the outside of a bunch of bananas, would you know anything about what they taste like?
Are there a texture inside or the difference between the peel and the fruit part or where the seed is in the banana?
And so they've got a three-dimensional shape and they've got a sequence.
And then now what?
They can now tell where all those proteins are, where all those amino acids are.
There is really good hard science behind a lot of this stuff, but we have to trust it.
We have to trust the experts that are doing this kind of science, that the resolution and the specificity and the fidelity of their measurements are what they say they are.
And in the case of proteins and making pure protein and then doing this kind of thing, it makes sense to me that it's possible, although there should be some noise in the computer generated model that would be generated by that tail of incomplete, errored spike proteins.
I mean, it wasn't one stack, it was a smear.
And so that smear should contribute to error in this three-dimensional model.
And again, you know, given what Robert Malone was able to accomplish with a
And see if it trains their immune system and protects them from the real virus.
It works.
This protects people from COVID-19.
The research you just saw from those scientists is literally what's being used in the very first COVID-19 vaccines.
And some of those vaccines work in a really cool way.
Instead of having to make the actual spike protein in these big factories with huge tanks of cells like the ones we saw, some of these new vaccines, the genetic instructions for making the spike is all that's in the shot.
on a molecule called mRNA.
Your body uses those instructions to make the spike.
You are the factory.
That's awesome.
This is a really... See, that's a really big lie, because what he told you there is that what we just saw you making with the spike protein and those huge vats, he's implying that you don't need those.
All you're just going to do is stop one step earlier.
You still need to make the huge vat of DNA.
You still need to do the recombinant DNA part, wow.
And some of those vaccines work in a really cool way.
Instead of having to make the actual spike protein in these big factories with huge tanks of cells, like… Instead of having to make the spike protein in those factories with huge tanks of cells, which we never had to do, we do that with antibodies and we do that with venom and any other biologic we make.
And we have to do that also to make enough DNA, to make enough RNA, to have enough RNA to inject in people.
Still have to make it the same way.
They still had to go, as Vincent Rancid Yellow said in 2020, they still had to go from nanograms to kilograms, which is just amazing.
Nanograms of DNA were the way they did it before the pandemic.
And now they're doing it with, with grams of DNA, even kilograms.
according to them.
That's awesome.
And this is a really incredible piece of science.
A year ago, no one had ever seen this virus before.
And thanks to these scientists, and thousands of others around the world, now we have vaccines that work.
It's going to take months, maybe years, to get these vaccines, and the dozens of others still being worked on, to the billions of people that need them.
And that's a huge challenge on its own.
But this is a really hopeful story.
No vaccine in history has ever been invented this fast.
And we were able to do it safely.
We were able to do this so quickly because scientists like Jason and his lab and others, they were ready.
Because they were studying basic scientific questions about other coronaviruses, SARS and MERS.
They've spent years trying to figure out their secrets, so that when this one showed up, they were already 10 steps ahead.
And to me, that's why work like this, supporting basic research, is so important.
And why we need it.
Stay curious.
And get your vaccine.
As soon as you can.
I am really ready for this to be over.
As always, a very special thank you to everyone who supports the show on Patreon.
If you'd like to learn more about our community, there's a link down in the description where you can learn more.
We really appreciate your support, and if you don't want to support us that way, we're just glad you're here learning with us this week, and I'll see you in the next video.
Who's there?
Vaccinate who?
That was pretty good.
I'll keep you.
Vaccinate everyone, it said.
That was the joke.
Vaccinate everyone, see it?
Okay, so what I'm trying to give you the idea of, try to remind you of how hard they went.
They went so hard in the paint that they just had people lying.
lying with confidence, lying with convincing faces, lying with transformers behind them to mislead the young.
Over 2 million Americans are receiving vaccinations every day, fueling hope the end of the pandemic is near.
But since the SARS-CoV-2 virus emerged in Wuhan, China 14 months ago, over 100 million people worldwide have been infected.
And with each infection, the virus has had the chance to mutate into genetic offspring called variants.
One of those variants, first identified in the UK, has spread across the US and is estimated to be 50% more transmissible than the original virus and likely more deadly.
Nationwide, COVID-19 cases have fallen, but public health officials are warning if these variants continue to spread, they could trigger a new surge of infections.
The story will continue in a moment.
News the U.K.
variant had reached American shores came last December at the University of California, San Diego.
The variant was found as part of an extensive coronavirus surveillance and testing system that has kept nearly 25,000 people living and working on campus.
Vending machines designed to dispense candy bars now offer nasal swabs for COVID testing.
And golf carts go on daily runs collecting samples taken from wastewater.
Environmental engineer Smriti Kartikeyan showed us how robots placed near over 300 student dorms and research buildings suck up sewer samples, looking for early evidence someone might be infected with the virus.
And if there's a positive, what happens?
If there's a positive, they will send targeted notices saying, you're building, the wastewater has been positive, and please go get tested.
Many positive samples from wastewater and nasal swabs are sent here to nearby Scripps Research, where infectious disease researcher Christian Anderson's lab performs genetic sequencing to identify any variations.
It's really important that we keep an eye on the virus.
How is it evolving?
How is it transmitting?
How is it changing?
Genetic sequences from around the world are constantly being analyzed in a database called Nextstrain that Anderson and other scientists use to visualize how variants are spreading.
These are beautiful colors, but what am I looking at?
You can think of this as a family tree.
And what we have is down here, this is the first one in Wuhan.
Viruses mutate over time.
You see mutations coming up, and that's when you start getting these branching patterns.
So then you have sisters and brothers here, and then you have aunts and uncles.
And what's the practical use of having a tree like this?
The practical use is that somebody like me can go in and just look at, like, how is this all related?
Since the original virus was first identified in December 2019, thousands of variants have been documented.
Anderson says scientists are keeping a close eye on three of them they call variants of concern.
And that's the UK variant, which was, you can see here, was identified of dates back to about September of last year.
And then all of a sudden you get a lot of these, and that's because it's more transmissible.
So transmissible, the Centers for Disease Control has projected the UK variant will be the dominant strain in the US in the next month.
The variants from Brazil, seen in red, and South Africa, seen in orange, have already spread to dozens of countries, including the US.
Variants arise because the SARS-CoV-2 virus is constantly making copies of itself.
As it replicates, tiny mistakes or mutations can occur in its genetic code.
They're rare and usually insignificant.
But once in a while, one or more mutations team up to create a more dangerous variant of the virus.
We are reading evolution's lab notebook.
Every time one of these pops up, it's telling us exactly how evolution benefits at the expense of the fitness of humankind.
It's not that dissimilar from the narrative that on the high wire, we heard from Andrew Huff that this virus is like 100,000 years in the future of evolution.
And so we're really actually watching evolution that should have happened 100,000 years from now, but it's all happening right now in front of us, which is
pretty extraordinary that this guitar playing folk song singing fake, who actually is part of the illusion of the Human Genome Project, right?
This guy and his tenure extend all the way to the Human Genome Project.
So he's part of the illusion where, yeah, we made some restriction enzyme maps of one or two genomes, and now we've made a, we've sequenced the whole genome, the human genome is done.
It's just a great big, gigantic lie.
And it won't be done for a very long time, and certainly not until they can start sampling people at will.
Who knows, maybe they were taking samples from different buildings at those universities to see if they could get reliable genetic signals from the people in the building.
such that they could compare dorm A to dorm B and see that, okay, well, our computers are finding the sequences of 30 humans here, and those are different than the 30 humans over here.
Once they have you believing that taking sewer samples is for the virus, and you say, okay, well, I guess the virus exists, then you're never ever going to question the possibility that maybe they're gonna see if they can sequence everybody that lives in a dorm by just taking the sewer sample, and then they never have to sequence anybody anymore.
Or maybe they can take all of the tests from the people that are in that dorm, and then use those tests as a way of seeing what information is available.
in the sewer sample.
There's lots of things they could be doing here.
And the illusion of consensus created by this video is it's just to save us from a pandemic.
It could have nothing to do with the 20 year project that this guy's been the head of, the Human Genome Project.
Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health, is a geneticist who 20 years ago oversaw the decoding of the human genome.
He says he's surprised by how much this virus is evolving.
Why are the variants of concern that we're seeing in places like the United Kingdom, South Africa and Brazil
of such concern.
It turns out that some of these mutations actually change the behavior of this virus in a way that makes it more infectious or more serious.
And the evidence is that for both the B.1.1.7, which is primarily seen in the U.K., but increasingly in the U.S., and the South African B.1.3.5.1, that they are more transmissible.
They're just really successful.
We're seeing evolution in motion.
I think it's been rarely seen as clearly as right now how evolution works.
In that way, it was pretty predictable.
What wasn't predictable, for me anyway, was that there would be so many copies of this virus that even a slow evolutionary process could, in just a matter of a few months, produce some viruses that we're worried about.
And there are so many copies because... It's a pandemic, and it's been very successful in infecting millions and millions of people.
These samples were from the patient's lung.
An early clue about how the virus was mutating came last summer at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
Infectious disease specialist Dr. Ghadi Haidar says a cancer patient with a compromised immune system came in with a COVID-19 infection that persisted for over 70 days, far beyond the typical few weeks.
We had no idea at the time that people could still be actively infectious for that long.
And it really wasn't until after he passed away that we started running some additional testing on samples that he had allowed us to collect from him when he was alive.
And that's when we found that the virus really quickly began to develop all these deletions and mutations throughout the patient's life.
This electron microscope image shows a sample taken from the patient's windpipe.
Tiny spheres looked like the original virus from Wuhan, China.
But genetic sequencing revealed a different story.
There were small gaps where information should be.
Irish-born University of Pittsburgh virologist Paul Dupre says the UK variant has some of these same deletions.
Irish-born Paul Dupre is, in my humble opinion, a prick.
At the beginning of the pandemic, when I was still fully invested in the idea of a lab leak, he put out a paper where they showed a animal model of infection and showed that they were finding spike protein in the brain.
And I sent him an email and the first author an email
asking, listen to this carefully, asking if I could see their better images of where it's found in the brain because I was really curious and I was still employed at the university at the time.
His reply to me was that I should know better than assuming that the first author isn't also a professor and I was confused.
But he was actually scolding me in his reply because I had said, dear Professor Dupree and Dr. somebody or other.
thinking that that somebody or other was a postdoc, but not a professor.
And he tried to come to her rescue by saying that I was being sexist in the email by not assuming that she was also a professor, even though she was the first author on the paper.
And oftentimes first authors are not professors, they're postdocs, they're PhD students.
I made an assumption, sorry.
But since we're in a pandemic and we're talking about your recent science paper or big paper,
It seems so random and off the hook to make it a sexist thing instead of, oh yeah, by the way, she's also a professor in my department and here's the data that you're really interested in.
Let us know if you need anything else.
He was a gigantic prick and said he would never collaborate with somebody who behaved in such an unprofessional manner.
I actually called her doctor instead of professor and that was the thing that was wrong and condemned me from ever seeing any of his data.
This guy at the start of the pandemic was trying to make a combination measles with a coronavirus spike on it so that he would have a coronavirus and measles vaccine all in one.
I shit you not.
leaving some scientists to believe it may have started in an immunocompromised patient.
When you have a patient who is sick for so long, there's the opportunity for the virus to replicate.
He's such a dick.
And every time a virus has that opportunity.
So fake!
There's also an opportunity for it to make a mistake, right?
And that's how viruses change.
Those mistakes give the virus just a little bit of a competitive edge.
For example,
Can it get into a cell better?
Dupre says yes.
He used this animation to show us how.
It starts with the spike protein, seen in red, which the virus uses to latch onto and enter a human cell.
So if you've been infected, you'll make antibodies, these blue molecules that bind to the outside of the virus spike.
And what they do is they block the virus getting into the cell.
They can't bind the receptor.
Now, if you talk like an Irishman, you don't sound any smarter if you say stupid things.
And my accents are terrible, so I won't do that.
But, oh my gosh, are you kidding me?
Just because he says it in a charming, or some people think it's charming, I find it annoying as hell.
Just because he says it in a charming accent doesn't make it any smarter.
The antibodies are... He's an NIH, DOD, NIAID lap dog.
He is pathetic.
And he's a useful idiot.
There's no question in my mind.
That's why when I asked him for the data, he said that I should call the girl a professor because, you know, I'm sexist.
This guy is playing their game as best he possibly can.
Trying to climb the university academia ladder as best he can.
The highest route, the fastest route to the top, infectious disease.
No different than Christian Anderson that we saw earlier in the same video.
The same level of molecular biological scammer who wittingly or unwittingly is perpetuating this narrative of RNA virology.
that has only reached the stage that it has in modern age because of the technology that was developed during the Human Genome Project, was perfected and industrialized during the Human Genome Project, and that is making DNA, you know, 3,000 base pairs at a time.
They can do that and making lots of it.
They can do that and they can sequence DNA that's about that long.
They can do that.
And that technology is all the technology that's required in order for this molecular illusion of a pandemic to have been created.
And for these jackasses to agree about it, or to be so inept in their, their ability to see the boundary of the irreducible complexity that is our sacred biology, that they are actually, they are incapable of knowing.
This guy could be incapable of knowing he could be used, but
Yeah, it's disturbing.
Variant, the yellow, illustrating the variant.
The antibodies can no longer bind.
The virus is able to attach to that receptor, latch on, and bingo, that person gets infected.
Is there anything we can do to stop the virus from mutating so much?
i don't understand he's talking like if i were to talk like this and the variant that you see in yellow then binds and you see it's now connected and then prevented and so then you have an infection
but he's talking in an Irish accent, which even makes it more slappable.
I don't get it.
This is just ridiculous is what it is.
60 Minutes, the exact same program that promoted George Webb and that Robert Malone promoted.
Yeah, see it now?
That promoted Peter Daszak and that promoted Nathan Wolff.
See it.
We can certainly stop it making as many mutations by stopping it infecting as many people.
If we block its transmission, if we wear a mask, if we get vaccinated, if we do social distancing, so there's a practical thing that we can do.
But physically, biologically, is there something that we can do?
Is there a magic bullet that we can shoot at it that stops it making mutations?
To understand the threat posed by mutations, public health... So the agreement, the illusion of consensus is that the mutations will be a source of danger going into the future.
This is also the narrative that Gerrit van den Bosch was brought on the scene in late 2020 to start and fuel.
This was also in late 2020 and early 2021 is when I started saying the same thing, mainly because Luigi Warren sent me a paper about Marek's disease.
And I came to the conclusion myself that, wow, if this vaccine works the way they say it works, then the virus is going to change.
Holy shit.
There's a guy in Belgium saying the same thing.
Holy cow.
I'm convinced.
Luigi Warren is a guy who is part of the intellectual property ladder in Moderna.
He was featured in a foldout in the USA Today in 2020, and he was a member of the original drastic.
And ever since we started talking about transfections, he has been largely focused on American politics and not at all talking about the transfection technology that has surely injured many and killed many.
It's just one of the many little coinkydinks quirks of the drastic team that they never really saved anybody.
And Luigi Warren, unfortunately, is one of those people that never saved anybody.
And the last communication I had with him was about a paper about Marek's disease trying to hint to me that I needed to talk about the fact that the transfection was gonna make the virus change in a very scary way.
It could even get worse.
And so I wrote a review about it.
We were played, ladies and gentlemen.
I was played like a puppet.
I just didn't understand how many people were strings instead of friends.
Wow, that's the best I've ever expressed it.
I was played like a puppet.
I just didn't understand how many people were strings rather than friends.
But almost all of my so-called friends in 2020 and 2021 were inevitably new strings being put in me, in my shoulders and in my heart.
And people who were skillfully using TV or social media were also having strings put in their heart.
Experts are studying the Brazilian city of Manaus.
Last spring, COVID swept through the population, leaving about 70% infected.
As a result, some researchers believe the city had reached herd immunity.
But then, starting this past December, epidemiologists suspect thousands were reinfected with the Brazilian variant.
Hospitals there were overwhelmed.
Health officials reported up to 150 deaths a day.
And a recent study suggests the variant is more infectious than earlier strains and may be better at evading antibodies.
At Columbia University Irving Medical Center, Dr. David Ho, known for his groundbreaking HIV research, is now working to identify which variants are present in New York City.
Since January, his team has analyzed over 2,000 nasal swabs taken from people who had tested positive for COVID-19.
What was unexpected was there were only sporadic cases, the UK, Brazilian and South African variants.
But instead we noticed that we had a homegrown variant.
Something new.
Something new that was dominating and rising.
And so they're creating an illusion of consensus that around the world there are different variants and all these scientists agree about it.
Isn't it extraordinary?
Very rapidly.
How rapidly is it growing?
it's over 20 percent.
Over 20 percent.
So that's a rapid rise in the last couple of months.
Dr. Ho says the New York City variant is doubling roughly every two weeks.
And city health officials announced this past week they found the variant in 39 percent of the COVID-19 samples they recently sequenced.
Dr. Ho is concerned because that variant shares a key mutation with one found in South Africa.
Several studies have looked at the effect- The one in South Africa might be Omicron.
In the U.S.
against that South African variant.
Both in laboratory tests and clinical trials, the vaccines appear to be somewhat less effective at eliciting an immune response or preventing infection.
But the companies anticipate the vaccines will still provide protection from severe disease from that South African variant.
What people are worried about is, I got a vaccine, I thought I was safe, and now you're talking about all these variants.
Where am I?
I'm in the same boat.
I got vaccinated and I felt protected for a while until we realized there was so much of the homegrown variant in New York.
How do you put this in perspective for people who are watching this right now?
I think we have to be a bit concerned.
But that doesn't say the vaccines don't work.
Even in South Africa, the vaccines still work to some extent.
It's just not as highly protective as we had against the original strain.
In addition, vaccine may not protect against infection, but may protect against disease or death.
Dr. Collins says so far, the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines appear effective against the UK variant.
And this past week, a small laboratory study found the Pfizer vaccine elicited the same strong immune response against the Brazilian variant as against the original virus.
Drug companies say they are working to retool their vaccines and create booster shots as needed.
It's a really weird way he said that.
The virus created a robust, or the vaccine created a robust immune response against the variant.
I don't, that's a really weird way to say it.
I won't bother to go back, sorry.
to keep up with the variants.
What keeps you up at night in terms of the variants down the line?
If I have an anxiety, it's that something worse than the South African variant is out there that will get to the point where the vaccines no longer appear to be fully protective against a bad outcome.
And that will certainly drive us then to do a redesign of the vaccines as quick as we can.
Recently, a variant has been found in New York City that has some of the characteristics of the variant of concern found in South Africa.
I'm not, on the surface of it, overly alarmed about that, but it's going to deserve a real lab experiment to make sure that our vaccines would still provide immunity against that.
Oh yeah, that's right, Botswana, good call.
And then they actually weren't sequenced in Botswana, right?
They came back to Belgium or something and then they actually were, that's right, good one, good call.
There cannot be a filter.
I will not stand for that.
Neither will Dr. Fauci.
And absolutely, if we ever come across as having the truth of the matter distorted by what is politically or economically convenient, then we will have lost the public trust.
Isn't that funny that he would say that, knowing full well that he was going to get exposed as having sent emails that said, we got to do a devastating takedown on Jay Bhattacharya?
Can you see how scripted that is now?
There's no way that that's by accident.
It is to make sure that those two videos could be put together at some point in time to show you exactly how crazy the Scooby-Doo mystery is that he was so bold as to go on to 60 Minutes and say that Tony Fauci would never hide anything.
Of course Tony Fauci wouldn't hide anything.
He's a great guy.
I wouldn't stand for it and neither would Tony.
Oh my gosh, they're lying.
Hilarious.
Dr. Collins says right now we have a window of opportunity.
And that Americans need to get vaccinated, avoid large gatherings, and wear masks to prevent the virus from spreading and mutating even more.
To continue to hear that this isn't over yet,
has got to be a hard thing for all of us.
I don't want to sound so pessimistic, though.
We are making amazing progress.
We just got to hang on and don't blow it at the end.
If you're the guy running for the finish line, don't trip right there on the 10-yard line.
Try to get all the way to the goal.
We can see it.
We are going to get there.
But this is not the moment to relax or stop running hard.
I would say that's the case for sure for us right now.
It's not the case we have to get across.
Where did the virus that changed the world?
Oh, that was going to be Fauci there.
Where did the virus that changed the world come from?
So Reason TV is a Bret Weinstein spin-off.
It's underneath Joe Rogan and Bret Weinstein and the Intellectual Dark Web.
One of the first scientists to question this narrative was Botao Zhao, who on February 6th distributed a paper arguing that the killer coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan.
The author pointed out that there was no evidence that the vendors at the wet market in Wuhan sold bat meat.
On the other hand, there were two research labs studying bat-borne coronaviruses located in Wuhan.
So this is eight months ago, and he's showing you how he solved the lab leak.
Bo Tao Xiao withdrew the paper two weeks later, after Chinese authorities declared that the lab leak theory had no merit.
China is being accused of censoring critical data about the coronavirus.
The renowned law professor at Tsinghua University in Beijing, Xu Jiangrun, is known to be missing after publicly condemning Chinese President Xi Jinping for failing to contain the spread of the virus at an early stage.
The Chinese government proceeded to clamp down on research into the virus's origins.
New regulations restricting the publication of research about coronavirus.
Any paper that traces the origin of the virus should be strictly managed.
To this day, the Chinese government won't allow outside researchers to test blood drawn from employees of the Wuhan lab, who may have been among the first humans infected with COVID in November of 2019.
According to the official record, they were hospitalized with a pneumonia-like disease.
There's no proof that the virus originated from a lab, but there's also no proof that humans first became infected by eating bat or exposure to pangolins, a theory that was treated as unimpeachable fact early in the pandemic.
A group of scientists signed a statement published in The Lancet denouncing speculation about non-natural origins of the virus as conspiracy theories.
Only after some emails became public did it become clear that the scientist who brought his colleagues together to co-sign the Lancet statement was Peter Daszak, head of the EcoHealth Alliance, the nonprofit that secured U.S.
government funding for controversial research on bat-borne coronaviruses at the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Daszak also co-authored a June 2020 op-ed in The Guardian headlined, Ignore the Conspiracy Theories.
Scientists know COVID-19 wasn't created in a lab.
So that's how they played us, right?
They went over the top on both sides.
That's how they played us.
It's a scooby-doo.
It was a theater all along.
That episode does not reflect well on scientists.
And then that guy is the guy who wrote a book with Alina Chan, the Canadian who had a preprint that never got printed.
And that was enough for her to get a permanent position at the Broad Institute, which is at MIT, where Matt Lander works, the former boss of the Human Genome Project people that used to work underneath Francis Collins, of course, as they just told you, and also worked closely with none other than Kevin McKernan.
It's writer Matt Ridley says that Anthony Fauci's private emails, which were made public through a Freedom of Information Act request, show that behind the scenes, scientists were taking the lab leak theory seriously all along.
A number of leading virologists were talking to each other and were saying to each other, we think this might look a bit like a... So keep in mind that Canadian
Chinese, Alina Chan, and a British guy named Matt Ridley are the ones who make the lab leak book first, right?
Just think about it.
It's all five eyes, controlled demolition of the idea of America.
That's what it is.
And any bastion of freedom loving sovereign citizens of the UK, because that's the other problem they have.
engineered in the laboratory.
And then they all got on a phone call with Anthony Fauci.
And at the end of that phone call,
They all did a very rapid vault pass and started writing articles almost immediately.
And in the case of Peter Daszak, the fact that he had orchestrated the letter was not at all clear until emails were leaked.
Does raise very serious concerns that Dr. Daszak needs to answer.
I've tried to correspond with him numerous times.
I've never yet had a raise very serious concerns that.
So here you see Stanley Perlman.
Stanley Perlman actually worked with the
with the husband of Li Min Yan unless Mark Kulak is off his rocker.
So that Stanley Perlman is also the guy that I've cited in all of my early immunology 101 lectures about coronavirus because his seminal papers about the original SARS virus in 2004 and five and six are all about T cell immunity being paramount and primary.
with regard to whether or not an animal model of coronavirus infection is successful and surviving is T cells.
So, all these are very interesting names that we know and known for a while.
Kristen Dorsten is the guy who did the PCR test for the first SARS and for this one, working closely with a guy by the name of Pottinger, I believe, at some point, or Pottinger was around
for both of those viruses as well.
And William Koresh, I think, is the original founder of EcoHealth Alliance back when it was called the World Wildlife something, something.
We could go on and on and on.
Leo Poon, interesting.
That's actually the boss of EcoHealth Alliance.
of Li Min Yan.
So yeah, we're really pretty deep in the rabbit hole at this point.
I mean, I don't even know what to say.
Dr. Daszak needs to answer.
I've tried to correspond with him numerous times.
I've never yet had a response.
Daszak also didn't reply to Reason's interview request.
Ridley has co-authored Viral, a new book about the ongoing hunt for the origins of the coronavirus.
His writing partner is Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard scientist Alina Chan, one of the earliest and most outspoken public skeptics of the natural origin hypothesis.
She says that when she and her colleagues... She was actually five months behind most of us, but that's okay.
Go ahead.
Promote her.
That's wonderful.
...published a preprint questioning the consensus that she hadn't been aware of the Lancet letter
So she published a preprint, they even acknowledge it, which never got published, but somehow she still got hired by MIT.
That's not usually how science works.
Organized by Daszak, but that she believes it could have had a major chilling effect on the scientific discussion in those early days.
So they're saying that anyone who's saying that this virus didn't come from nature is a conspiracy theorist.
People, when they read this letter, they might have thought, then I'm not going to put my neck out there to say that this might have come from a lab.
Chan, a molecular biologist, argued in the paper.
It's funny because she wasn't, she's a Canadian and she wasn't at, as a scientist at the beginning and when she wrote that she was just a postdoc.
So they promoted her for a preprint that never got published.
That's really what we're seeing here.
Or that because SARS-CoV-2 was so well adapted to humans, there was reason to be skeptical that it had recently come from an animal.
If it had recently come from bats or pangolins, she would have expected the virus to have been rapidly mutating in the early days of the pandemic to become better adapted to human tissue.
For me, the light bulb moment was when I read in the news that the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, appeared genetically stable.
Chan credits this insight partially to her experience living through the SARS outbreak of 2003, which she lived through in Singapore.
In that situation, in that outbreak, the virus had rapidly picked up dozens of mutations in the early three months of the outbreak.
In comparison, for SARS-CoV-2, there were very few of these mutations.
So it suggested to me that this virus had already picked up many useful mutations for infecting and transmitting amongst humans prior to its detection in December 2019.
Another major difference is that during the 2003 outbreak, authorities discovered previous SARS infections among animals being sold at markets in South China within a couple of months.
That's not the case with SARS-CoV-2, despite initial suspicions that a seafood market was to blame.
In the case of SARS-CoV-2, even though the first cluster of cases identified was at the seafood market, they never found any signs of animals that were infected by this virus.
So up till today, there's no sign of an animal that was ever infected by SARS-CoV-2 and then gave it to humans.
When the World Health Organization sent a team to investigate the virus's origins in January 2021, EcoHealth Alliance's Dajak was the only American member included.
The team dismissed the lab leak hypothesis before WHO leadership later backtracked.
There she is.
The findings suggest that the laboratory incident hypothesis
is extremely unlikely and to explain the introduction of the virus into the human population, and, therefore, is not a hypothesis that will suggest that will implies to suggest future studies.
Dajak granted an interview to 60 Minutes following that trip to Wuhan and suggested that farm animals were the likely culprit.
But there's no direct evidence that any of those animals were actually infected with the bat virus.
Correct.
Now what we've got to do is go to those farms and investigate, talk to the farmers, talk to their relatives, test them, see if there were spikes in virus there first.
So the team doesn't actually know if any of the farmers or the truckers were ever infected.
No one knows yet.
No one's been there.
No one's asked them.
No one's tested them.
That's to be done.
There's a detail that emerged after the 60 Minutes report that Ridley would like Daszak to explain.
Recently leaked documents show that EcoHealth Alliance applied for a research grant related to inserting what's called a furin cleavage site into SARS-like coronaviruses.
This very furin cleavage site makes SARS-CoV-2 highly infectious in humans, and it's what distinguishes it from any SARS-like coronaviruses yet found in the wild.
Now imagine again that there were thousands of these podcasts, right?
Thousands of them.
Including Sky News Australia doing a whole documentary about the exact same thing.
Using all kinds of crazy music, all kinds of crazy cuts.
The live escape version is so freaking likely.
One way or the other it came out of Wuhan.
The logical next step is whether the U.S.
contributed to this pandemic starting.
Researchers in the Chinese government were on U.S.
government payroll.
The consequences are enormous.
No accident like this has ever happened in human history.
Scientific debate about the origins of COVID was actively suppressed.
One's tempted to use the word conspiracy.
you
This is what Australia is doing to us.
This is what Australia is doing to the UK.
This is what the Five Eyes countries are doing to each other.
Have been the subject of intense scrutiny and debate.
Scientists, government officials, and intelligence agencies at first insisted.
She's basically an actor.
They're all basically actors.
They're doing their show.
They're doing their thing.
They are not biologists.
They're not teachers.
They're not mystery solvers.
They are journalists.
They say, they tell you what they were told.
They tell you what they think they saw.
That's it.
That's all they can do.
They are limited by the questions that they ask.
And more importantly, they are limited by the people that they talk to.
And since there is already a system in place to determine who they talk to, a funnel, if you will, connections, a network,
then it's very easy to see why somebody like her who doesn't have the sophistication to understand what synthetic biology has given to this biosecurity narrative and given to people like Peter Daszak and people like Nathan Wolf and people that work on these constructs, these mythologies about what RNA can and can't do if it has the right combination of bases, including a fear and cleavage site.
It's extraordinary that the furin cleavage site didn't need to be removed from the spike protein to make sure that it doesn't, you know, really dangerous somehow.
But if it's on the spike and the spike is on the virus, then it's really dangerous, I guess, somehow.
Like, I don't know, the blades are sharper or something.
The virus was natural.
Now, more than three years on, their cover-ups are being exposed.
Key figures- But Australians lost their job, Australians weren't allowed to cross internal borders, Australians were beat down by mandates and all kinds of other shit.
And so there's only two conclusions you can come to, either the government is wholly, wholly responsible for doing that,
with the intention of souring the public to America, to drilling the public into the idea that lockdowns work, to using Australia and New Zealand as examples of how lockdowns work for the rest of the Five Eyes countries.
And so then the narrative play
involves the Lollapalooza of liars, that is, people like Sherry Markinson, people like Pierre Kory, people like The Heart Group, people like Panda, people like Jikki Leaks, people like Meryl Ness and Robert Malone.
And they're all over in these Five Eyes countries, all promoting each other or agreeing not to antagonize one another or agreeing to ignore each other's points.
And in Australia, you see a very, very sharp narrative that America is behind it.
It's not our business partner and close native friend, China.
Couldn't be them.
The one that we trade with all the time.
It's not China.
It's probably America.
And Sky News is also the place where the lefties losing it people are, that talk exclusively about American politics in a ridiculing way.
Not in a, oh my gosh, I think America might be undermining, being undermined from within.
And since America is supposed to be the shining beacon of freedom, all of us in the West should be worried about what's happening in America.
Is that happening on Australian news or on UK news or in Canada news?
No, not even on the alternative Fox News like Sky News Australia.
They're not worried.
They think it's funny.
It's great.
It's exciting.
It's news.
It's fun.
It's clicks.
It's bullshit.
It's part of a national security operation that extends around the world and is being coordinated by these five eyes intelligence agencies.
See it for what it is.
So calling out their deception and they don't like it.
I wake up at usually about 2 or 3 a.m.
and think about it, honestly, because, you know, it is, it's something that we all played a role in.
Is that Kadlec?
Did they say his name when they showed him the first time?
Did they say that he was Kadlec?
Because I think that's Kadlec.
Isn't that Kadlec?
Is that Kadlik?
Does anyone recognize that guy?
I think that's Kadlik.
Aw shite.
No one in charge wants to be seen as being responsible for that at all.
I've been investigating and reporting on COVID since it first shook the world in early 2020.
I've been making labeled folders about different topics about Corona since the beginning of the pandemic.
My goodness.
I've been making different colored folders.
It's been quite the journey.
Once a conspiracy, now a laboratory origin of COVID-19 is a serious hypothesis that leading intelligence agencies and scientists believe started the pandemic.
More evidence now points to the Wuhan Institute of Virology as the source of the outbreak than any other origin.
It's only taken a book, a documentary.
Sherry Markinson.
Surprise, surprise.
She's also selling a book.
Oh, she's like the, looks like she's like the Australian version of Glenn Beck.
To uncover the crucial evidence.
I wish I had such a big glass.
Welcome.
Thank you so much for your time.
Thank you very much.
In 2021, in the first installment of this documentary, I spoke with former President Donald Trump.
He was under no illusion as to the origins of COVID-19.
You've seen all of the intelligence.
He spoke to her?
Wow.
When do you think the virus first started?
Well, some of the intelligence is classified, and I can't talk about it, but common sense tells you it most likely, and when I say most likely, like 95 percent came from the Wuhan lab.
I don't know if they had bad thoughts or whether it was gross incompetence, but one way or the other, it came out of Wuhan, and it came from the Wuhan lab.
Back then, I also spoke with Mike Pompeo, former US Secretary of State and former head of the CIA.
He was adamant all evidence pointed to the Wuhan lab.
There was an enormous, albeit indirect, evidence that the Wuhan Institute of Virology was the center point for this.
Remember, too, there were 14 of them.
How different is this than Lee Min Yan being on Steve Bannon's War Room?
How different is this than Robert Malone being on Tommy Podcast?
How different is this than the Jihad Truth podcast and Jessica Rose?
There's no difference at all because it's all the same malevolent show.
American diplomats on the ground in Wuhan at this time, who were watching and observing what was taking place inside of Wuhan.
I hope one day that we'll be able to get that information out more broadly, but as I come back to it, the cumulative evidence that one can see points singularly to the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
In the past 30 years or so, new and sudden infectious diseases have been presented globally.
The Wuhan Institute has the world's largest.
I mean, is there anything more you need to see?
Because she played a Chinese clip there with subtitles.
Isn't that very similar to, say, sort of admitting that you're with them?
I don't know what to say anymore.
I just know for sure Australia has been lost for a while.
I know Australia and New Zealand were used against America.
They were used to create the media impression that was necessary to bamboozle the United States, to break it up, to fracture it intellectually, to fracture it socially.
And now they are fracturing us economically, although we already were.
And they're using five eyes countries against us.
A lot of those citizens don't know they're being used, but most of those governments know they're using, they're, they're being used because they are playing for the crown, which is really one of the, the city of London, which is probably one of the, it's probably one of the weaponized piles of money we need to be most concerned about because it's a very old weaponized pile of money.
I think Winston Churchill called the UK a lion, the America was an elephant, and Russia was a bear.
So maybe the lion just means that they're loyal to the crown, which would make Robert Malone a lion, which would make the connection with Jill Glasspool Malone's father not insignificant then, wouldn't it?
But that's back to the lion thing.
We didn't want to do that today.
Collection of bat coronaviruses.
Inside the secretive laboratory, scientists were conducting risky research to make viruses more infectious to humans.
they were sampling?
Or there's a national security state that had vested interest in us assuming or coming to the conclusion that they were risking world health with their experiments.
And then they used 60 Minutes to tell us that story.
And then they used an argument between Rand Paul and Tony Fauci to tell us that story.
Then they used Drastic on Twitter to tell us that story.
Then they used Sherry Markinson to tell us that story and Alina Chan and Matt Ridley to write a book about that story.
Do you see what I'm saying?
The national security state is the only apparatus, the biosecurity state is the only apparatus that benefits from this mythology and the only one that has any vested interest in it existing.
And so they're responsible for it.
They are the ones who have to prove that the pandemic actually happened.
And they're the only people that we're not asking.
We're taking their word for it.
We're taking their word for it when we take the word of Robert Malone.
We're taking their word for it when we take the word of Li Min Yan.
We're taking the word of their word when we take the word of
of David Martin, whose brother works at the CDC.
We're taking the word of them when we take the word of Tony Fauci, or Francis Collins, or David Baltimore, or Robert Malone, or Meryl Nass, or any of these people who have been working with this biosecurity state for decades.
That's the reality.
And until we come to terms with that reality, we are going to be stuck in a very simple model where, you know, America did it or America did it to China or China lied about it or something like that.
When in reality, this is an entire mythology that goes all the way down to the fact that RNA cannot pandemic.
So this whole story is an illusion.
bats to see whether or not these bats had viruses that look like SARS or were SARS-like to see whether there would be the risk or the transmission from a bat to an intermediate host to potentially a human.
Very risky research.
It certainly is, particularly if you did it under the conditions as we understood.
I think that's, I think that's Cadillac.
The US was funding research in Wuhan via an American group, EcoHealth Alliance.
The extent of their risky research came to light in this proposal, the Wuhan Institute of Virology and their American partners drew up in search of funding.
They were experimenting with the parts of COVID-19 that scientists find so unusual.
It's what makes the virus.
And of course, the diffuse proposal is the reason why Charles Rixey came to my house in 2022 to make sure that I would not take the stand that I was taking for the last three months before that, which was I was ignoring the diffuse proposal because it was stupid on target.
It's like, oh, you know, like this group on drastic on Twitter has been looking for real hard evidence that the U.S.
did it for over a year and then over two years.
And then suddenly the diffuse proposal gets leaked to Charles Rixey.
And Charles Rixey decides to give it to a bunch of unknown anonymous foreigners on Twitter in order to make a report before they released it.
because his patriotism and his loyalty to America was so great that when the defuse proposal was leaked to him, he gave it to a bunch of anonymous foreigners on Twitter and then simultaneously tried to re-recruit me back into that group that had already thrown me out a year earlier because I wanted to talk about transfection because I didn't think the origin story mattered anymore if they were going to insist on transfecting people.
They are all liars.
The unfortunate thing for me is that they've all lied to me.
They all came into my life and messed with me and my family, my ability to make a living.
And so I have an especially personal story that involves all kinds of people, even people that were on 60 minutes like that Dupree guy.
You can't make this shit up.
And I can't make up what Charles Rixey did and how he acted and what he said, who he's followed, who he's promoted, what ideas he has stuck to for four years.
I can't change who Kevin McCarran is.
I can only point to them and show you that their inconsistencies with who they're supposed to be, with their claimed persona,
and their inconsistencies with regard to how they have attempted, quote unquote, to lower a ladder into the cave, reveals them for the liars that they are.
And if you do your homework and look at what these people were saying in 2020 and 2021, you find out that many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many of these people were liars.
Looking at all the same people, just making sure I don't miss anything.
It's a lot of him.
who's never on American TV, but I guess he's on Australian TV, which I already find really weird.
Okay, let's just go on and get this done.
Ladies and gentlemen, they created the illusion of consensus by sticking to a limited spectrum of debate.
Okay?
And that limited spectrum of debate was created by them.
They showed up in 2020.
If we just go to a flashpoint in May of 2020, when, when Alina Chan put out her preprint, we can see and look at what these people were doing or not doing and see that they were there ready to go.
Kevin McKernan was there ready to go.
Kevin McCairn and George Webb and Paul Cottrell and Addy Adds were there ready to go.
And they knew already that Andy Kaufman was there ready to go on the no virus team.
And they were tooting his horn as loud as they were tooting their own.
And on the Bret Weinstein, the eighth Bret Weinstein podcast, Sam Harris knew that there was going to be a pandemic, a new pandemic that would need a vaccine that we couldn't tolerate any anti-vaccine messages for.
They knew it already.
And Bobby Kennedy went to Germany in 2020 to say that the lockdowns were bullshit and that these people were totalitarians.
But he didn't question the existence of the virus, didn't question the existence of a laboratory leak, and didn't question the fidelity of the PCR test or the sequencing at all.
Just questioned the lockdowns and the fact that we lost our freedom.
and that we shouldn't get our freedom taken away for anything.
Well, especially not a lie, right?
And if we advance the calendar further, we can still follow these people into the future through 2021, when Brett Weinstein supposedly pulled his head out of his ass and then decided to speak out with Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch about the fact that he was sure that ivermectin could get us out of this and back to zero COVID, which is still a goal that he thought we should be focused on in the middle of June, 2021.
After a whole year of the college community being able to torture our young people at the whim of their administrations because none of the adults that were promoted on mainstream media and social media had the gall to say, just stay home a year.
When I was asked for advice about what to do about people's kids, I said, stay home a year.
Go do an outward bound year.
Go work at a Department of Natural Resources camp.
I don't know.
And so we looked at Jessica Rose last night.
It was really cool to see that she had done a lot of papers, not papers, with some people that I know are now meddlers, specifically the Martin Neal and Jonathan Engler, those two guys that Jessica Hockett tried to get me to work with for six or
seven months before she got me supposedly an audience with Senator Ron Johnson's staff, but then gave me 15 minutes after an hour to say my thing as fast as possible while she took 40 minutes.
And then after promoting that video, just kind of disappeared from Twitter and blocked me and stopped substacking and blocked me and went from sending me a few sweet voicemails a week
to blocking me and I'm supposed to think that something I did was wrong or something Mark did was wrong and yet here's Jessica Rose was working with Jonathan Engler and Martin Neal already in 2022.
So Jessica Hockett is just a more recent addition to the meddler lists.
Somebody from the bench that they had to bring up in order to try and get me once more or separate me from Mark once more because otherwise there'd be no reason for Jessica Hockett to be out there.
She's the reason why we figured out that they were giving supplementary oxygen.
She was the reason why we figured out Pierre Corey was a witness for the George Floyd trial.
And we figured it out because she didn't have it on her silly timeline!
So just like Jessica Hockett...
Jessica Rose came before her, another EpiGirl standard operating procedure in the Spars pandemic document, just some fake resistance person pointing all attention at the countermeasure instead of at the bioweapon, or instead of at the spike protein, or instead of at the fake pandemic, the murder and lies.
And just so happens that she worked on the dynamical systems analysis.
You know, like Brett Weinstein is really into dynamical systems.
The HIV immunopathogenesis, not unlike all of the other mainstream experts in America that are promoted by Tony Fauci and his NIAID, have all cut their teeth in HIV.
Many of them even going through the same Harvard Medical School.
Are you giving me, is this a hard time?
by teasing you that Jessica Rose is a bad guy?
No, because when we listened in this interview for who she mentioned as fellow travelers in 2022, what questions she offered up as important, what biological ideas she broached, it was really striking that Matt Crawford got mentioned three times, that Meryl Nass got mentioned four times, that Steve Kirsch got mentioned, Pierre Kory got praised.
And I would personally say to the face of all four of those people that they are traitors to America.
And if they wanted to argue with me, I would have a very hard time not putting the palm of my hand into their forehead as hard as my arm would allow me.
What questions were offered as important?
What biological ideas are broached?
VAERS has a new signal.
Surge in millennial deaths is not opioids.
The need for specificity, but then she never explained what she meant.
Do not harm is a thing.
Pfizer knew or hid the data.
It's all one big lie, the shot is.
Ivermectin is 100% safe and effective drug.
Herd immunity is a thing.
Untested products.
They're not transfections.
She doesn't know what that word is or transformations.
They're just untested products.
Depopulation is a thing.
Bio war strike in 2019 is a thing.
Under-reporting factors is a thing.
The crossover event between Mark Bailey and the ultra clown car,
Driver Kevin McCairn seemed very, very hokey back when Tim Truth hosted that back in 2022.
But now in retrospect, it makes me sick.
In retrospect, seeing Tim Truth's multiple shooters video hoax, video promoted by David Icke.
It's all a mythology, duh.
And of course, the crossover event that happened earlier this year was that finally the no virus all-star that Kevin McCarron told us to pay attention to in February of 2020 already, the guy who was shaking hands with Andrew Cuomo in 2019 because he was awarded a grant to develop suicide monitoring technology for the prisons of New York State.
Andy Kaufman and Steve Kirsch are on a podcast together creating the illusion of consensus that they both have a valid state of understanding that needs to be debated.
And they don't.
Just like the idea that Sasha Latapova is somebody who is trying to save America is a lie.
And the reason why you can see it as a lie is because you can look at her daughter and the internet record of her daughter before the pandemic is one of a military meddler.
an experiment in how to make a little kid go viral about really nasty PC incorrect things, which would be a really useful tool for the FBI or any other intelligence agency that would be looking for Americans that would fit a certain profile of meddler, a certain profile of rabble rouser, or even violent demonstrator.
And then they promoted her mom in 2023, not just anyone, but the Epoch Times and Bobby Kennedy and CHD, which also sells the book for Meryl Dass and also sold the book that I wasted a year helping them with.
I did get paid, so I'm not complaining.
I'm just not getting acknowledged for the contribution that I made.
And I'm not being acknowledged for the fact that I told that entire book staff, taught that entire book staff how to understand that RNA can pandemic.
And Bobby knows it, but she was promoted as an American thought leader by the same place that promoted Robert Malone and Lee Min Yan and all these other fake, fake, fake meddlers and traitors to America.
So they created this illusion of consensus on TV and on social media, and the social media people that created the consensus are the most malevolent of the liars.
I still desperately need Denny Rancourt to do something more than promote
Mike Yeadon occasionally.
I need him to hold these people to account that have seen him present in November of 2023 in Romania and he showed them that there's no evidence for a pandemic in 2020 and they ignored that data and instead returned from Romania and shouted from the rooftops that Denny showed us that 17 million people have died from the COVID shot.
And so they followed their rule of engagement, not to talk about 2020 and focus on the COVID shot.
And I believe that people like Denny Rancourt, if they don't put their foot down, are just allowing this to go on.
That Denny Rancourt is more or less working with them if he won't say that none of these people are telling the truth.
If he won't challenge them to acknowledge that there's no evidence of a pandemic, period.
If he won't challenge them, then I see him as a foreign meddler like a lot of these other people.
And so I'll leave him out here for now.
But his track record of telling people that there was no pandemic and insisting that they repeat that that's his message is abysmal.
Do better, Denny.
Because otherwise you're covering up the murder that happened in 2020 by saying, well, I don't know if it was murder or not.
I don't want to call it murder.
I just know it wasn't a spreading pathogen.
That's a cop out at this stage, Denny.
Do better.
because these people are still saying it was the worst case scenario.
These people are still saying it's a lab leak and that we let it happen.
And they want to blame America for it.
They want to tear down the American constitution for it.
They want to end the American culture and the American dream for it.
So you've got to do better than that, Denny.
You've got to hold the breakfast buddies that you had in Romania to account.
You've got to hold your breakfast buddy, Jessica Rose, to account.
You've got to hold your dinner buddies, you know, Meryl Nass and Steven Hatfill and Robert Malone and Nick Hudson, you've got to hold them to a higher standard.
Because in May of 2020, you were already telling us there was no pandemic.
And you're letting them ignore you since then.
And now we are at the stage where transfection in healthy humans was rushed, but it worked.
And free-range RNA can cause a pandemic.
And a lot of that, unfortunately, has to do with the fact that Denny Rancor's data has not been adequately described and disseminated by the people on the previous screen.
And that's kind of your fault, Denny.
So if you give power to these charlatans, you're never gonna give it back.
And you cannot underestimate how many of these people are working with these charlatans, or how many of these people are working with these charlatans.
There's a lot of them.
You know, Ahmed Malik is working with them, just like Sasha Latupova is working with them, just like all of these meddlers that didn't get the chance to show up here are working with them on social media and on podcasts.
They are all working together.
It's a controlled demolition of America, ladies and gentlemen.
They created this illusion of consensus.
They created it by lying.
Lying and not telling people what I told them, not teaching people what I taught them.
Lying about what I said when I said it.
Lying.
It's just lying at this stage.
Heather and Brett are liars.
Chris Martinson is a liar.
Matt Crawford's a liar.
Sasha Latapova is a liar.
She's lying about what she's done in the past.
She's lying about her daughter.
She's lying about everything because she's on the same team of these weaponized piles of money that Brett Weinstein is on.
Eric Weinstein is on.
Joe Rogan is on.
Harvey Reich is on.
Hazan is on, they're all on the same side.
They're all on the same team.
It's a team that will never, ever, ever acknowledge that we need a new consensus and will never acknowledge the biology that edifies this new consensus that we should come to with our kids, that transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
RNA cannot pandemic and the vaccine schedule in America is a criminal enterprise.
Weaponized piles of money got us to fight about this crap, and that's why we're still fighting about it today Please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary There will be no show tomorrow Sunday at
It's scheduled for three o'clock.
We will do a intro to biology lecture that will get us started on the mini course series.
There's going to be a mini course series first on molecular biology and then a mini course series on... What were we going to do the other one on?
I don't know if I tell it all now then maybe people will try to spoil it.
So we'll start with Infectious clones and the illusion of RNA virology next week And so in order to do that, we're gonna we're gonna start everybody at the same page with biology and I'm gonna try to do that on Sunday give you a 30,000 foot view of the irreducible complexity and how best to see it how best to
to take your kids on a walk and show it to them and what questions you can ask that get the right wheels turning in those little heads.
Because that's what we need to do.
If we get them to ask the right questions, then they can ask their teachers the right questions.
And you can't deny the right questions.
If your kids can ask their teachers the right questions and their teachers don't have the right answers, then the teachers might actually get themselves a little closer to the cave entrance themselves.
So we got a lot of work to do, but that also means I've got a lot of work to do, which is good.
If you're gonna share this stuff, share it at stream.gigaohm.bio.
And if you have the means, please go to gigaohmbiological.com and find a way to support my work.
Thank you very much for joining me.
And I'll see you again tomorrow, on Sunday, on Sunday.
If I'm here tomorrow, I'll be surprised.